cornstarch
nuts pecans
eggplant raw
teff uncooked
sherbet orange
cauliflower raw
taro leaves raw
lamb raw ground
cheese camembert
vegetarian fillets
pace picante sauce
goji berries dried
mango nectar canned
crackers rusk toast
chicken boiled feet
quail raw meat only
pie lemon fried pies
peppers raw jalapeno
winged bean tuber raw
salami turkey cooked
grapes raw muscadine
nuts raw ginkgo nuts
spices ground savory
candies sesame crunch
cheese low fat cream
pace green taco sauce
syrup canadian maple
ostrich raw top loin
chewing gum sugarless
nuts dried pine nuts
pasta unenriched dry
mcdonald's side salad
cookies marie biscuit
broccoli raw chinese
mcdonald's hash brown
agave raw (southwest)
emu raw outside drum
nuts dried beechnuts
currants dried zante
lentils raw sprouted
gravy mix dry onion
pie fruit fried pies
snacks cakes popcorn
snack mixed berry bar
fish raw sheepshead
babyfood pear juice
brussels sprouts raw
broccoli raab cooked
butter oil anhydrous
chicory raw witloof
keebler waffle cones
keebler waffle bowls
broccoli raw leaves
durian raw or frozen
tomatoes raw orange
tomatoes raw yellow
egg custards dry mix
peanut flour low fat
fish smoked haddock
denny's french fries
ground turkey cooked
murray vanilla wafer
wendy's french fries
bread toasted wheat
danish pastry cheese
nuts glazed walnuts
spices garlic powder
oil soybean lecithin
egg fresh raw yolk
fireweed raw leaves
beef pastrami cured
frankfurter meatless
emu raw flat fillet
emu raw inside drum
ice creams chocolate
snacks potato sticks
usda commodity salsa
figs uncooked dried
game meat raw horse
syrup fruit flavored
broccoli raw stalks
cream cultured sour
gravy canned au jus
mcdonald's hamburger
cheese port de salut
silk original creamer
silk hazelnut creamer
soup mix dry onion
mushrooms raw enoki
bacon and beef sticks
salami pork italian
crackers whole-wheat
peanuts raw spanish
hominy white canned
game meat raw moose
pears red anjou raw
horseradish prepared
fish raw butterfish
lebanon bologna beef
ham and cheese spread
taco bell taco salad
sauce worcestershire
candies marshmallows
hummus home prepared
horned melon (kiwano)
ice cream sundae cone
peppers raw serrano
cabbage cooked napa
peppers dried ancho
parsley freeze-dried
spices black pepper
spices white pepper
yambean (jicama) raw
nuts dried pilinuts
kiwifruit raw green
drumstick leaves raw
yautia (tannier) raw
candies butterscotch
cucumber raw peeled
dandelion greens raw
melons raw honeydew
potato salad with egg
mushrooms raw white
mushrooms raw morel
cheese mexican blend
oranges florida raw
silk vanilla soymilk
papaya nectar canned
fiddlehead ferns raw
silk peach soy yogurt
silk plain soy yogurt
pace enchilada sauce
yeast extract spread
tomatoes raw green
mollusks raw snail
emu raw fan fillet
pasta enriched dry
cookies gingersnaps
sour cream fat free
murray honey graham
frankfurter chicken
ham canned chopped
spices dried thyme
carrot juice canned
corn dried (navajo)
pate truffle flavor
fruit butters apple
fast foods coleslaw
salami beef cooked
spices chili powder
spices caraway seed
spices dried basil
pickle relish sweet
chives freeze-dried
fish raw sablefish
crackers multigrain
spices ground mace
spices onion powder
butter without salt
rice noodles cooked
barley flour or meal
sesbania flower raw
garlic bread frozen
kfc popcorn chicken
applebee's coleslaw
rolls sweet dinner
cherries raw sweet
ostrich raw ground
silk coffee soymilk
snacks banana chips
peaches raw yellow
rolls wheat dinner
candies heath bites
chicken raw ground
pears bartlett raw
toppings strawberry
keebler sugar cones
seaweed raw wakame
seaweed dried agar
bread cracked-wheat
amaranth leaves raw
barley raw pearled
polish sausage pork
spices curry powder
bacon bits meatless
semolina unenriched
grape leaves canned
spices ground sage
pace red taco sauce
denny's hash browns
denny's onion rings
ostrich raw oyster
oil corn and canola
pumpkin flowers raw
celery flakes dried
crackers egg matzo
loganberries frozen
tangerine juice raw
soybeans raw green
soybean curd cheese
game meat raw bear
game meat raw deer
oranges navels raw
tostada shells corn
fish raw swordfish
taro raw tahitian
chicory greens raw
hearts of palm raw
chayote raw fruit
fish smoked cisco
frankfurter turkey
candies jellybeans
oil ucuhuba butter
soy protein isolate
syrups light corn
fish raw milkfish
fish raw monkfish
mother's loaf pork
tapioca dry pearl
guavas raw common
spices celery seed
candies peanut bar
bread toasted rye
oil apricot kernel
candies york bites
meatballs meatless
emu raw full rump
mustard greens raw
seaweed raw laver
sweet rolls cheese
figs stewed dried
bread sticks plain
silk mocha soymilk
milk and cereal bar
bread pumpernickel
game meat raw elk
pace pico de gallo
ostrich raw round
hormel cure 81 ham
prune juice canned
mcdonald's big mac
soy flour defatted
bread toasted egg
fish raw mahimahi
fish raw bluefish
spices fennel seed
potatoes skin raw
pepper raw banana
drumstick pods raw
toppings pineapple
acorn stew (apache)
tomatoes sun-dried
guava sauce cooked
pumpkin leaves raw
melons raw casaba
melon balls frozen
fish oil cod liver
nuts dried acorns
rolls pumpernickel
gravy dry chicken
fish raw tilefish
ice creams vanilla
silk plain soymilk
cabbage raw savoy
fish raw tilapia
broccoli raab raw
corn grain yellow
turtle raw green
chicory roots raw
ice cream sandwich
croutons seasoned
snacks taro chips
prickly pears raw
fish raw haddock
liver cheese pork
ground turkey raw
jams and preserves
carrots raw baby
oil nutmeg butter
semolina enriched
spices anise seed
snacks corn cakes
catsup low sodium
croissants cheese
milk fluid sheep
acerola juice raw
jute raw potherb
fast food biscuit
bagels multigrain
beef dried cured
nuts almond paste
seaweed raw kelp
seaweed raw agar
fish oil menhaden
rolls egg dinner
bread white wheat
onions raw sweet
onions raw welsh
silk chai soymilk
rolls rye dinner
gravy dry au jus
cheese neufchatel
hummus commercial
croissants butter
carrot dehydrated
vinegar distilled
sapote raw mamey
soy flour low-fat
syrups sugar free
syrups dark corn
taco shells baked
spices cumin seed
bamboo shoots raw
fish raw lingcod
whey dried sweet
whey fluid sweet
spices poppy seed
babyfood pretzels
fat mutton tallow
coffeecake cheese
sauce horseradish
yardlong bean raw
cress raw garden
dates deglet noor
lambsquarters raw
gravy dry turkey
vital wheat gluten
turnip greens raw
sugars granulated
frankfurter pork
pomegranates raw
pears raw asian
cookies molasses
cookies fig bars
liverwurst spread
roast beef spread
chard raw swiss
goose raw liver
taco bell nachos
sausage meatless
frankfurter meat
rice flour brown
peppermint fresh
vinegar red wine
vinegar balsamic
luxury loaf pork
rye flour medium
denny's coleslaw
bread wheat bran
croissants apple
candies tamarind
oheloberries raw
pace salsa verde
barley malt flour
rice noodles dry
fish oil sardine
fish oil herring
plantains cooked
burdock root raw
butterbur canned
ostrich raw fan
silk nog soymilk
gravy dry brown
cheese provolone
cheese roquefort
muffins oat bran
syrups grenadine
raisins seedless
strawberries raw
fish raw burbot
wheat germ crude
wheat hard white
wheat bran crude
gooseberries raw
spices dill seed
oil cocoa butter
applebee's chili
grape leaves raw
kale raw scotch
marmalade orange
whey dried acid
whey fluid acid
eggplant pickled
babyfood cookies
fennel raw bulb
egg dried whole
coffeecake fruit
candies caramels
sour cream light
egg dried white
wild rice cooked
chicken meatless
corn grain white
veal raw ground
wheat soft white
elderberries raw
nuts raw acorns
orange juice raw
popeyes coleslaw
cabbage raw red
blackberries raw
wasabi raw root
cheese limburger
raspberries raw
corn bran crude
bread rice bran
taro shoots raw
sugars powdered
emu raw ground
cookies fortune
fish raw cisco
couscous cooked
dill weed fresh
spearmint dried
spearmint fresh
tamales (navajo)
rice bran crude
rye flour light
spices bay leaf
spices cardamom
lemon juice raw
ginger root raw
fish oil salmon
fish tuna salad
orange peel raw
blueberries raw
cheese muenster
beet greens raw
cheese cheshire
bagels oat bran
fat beef tallow
clementines raw
peas raw green
oat bran cooked
pears bosc raw
sugar turbinado
headcheese pork
ham salad spread
olive loaf pork
pastrami turkey
cranberries raw
popeyes biscuit
egg dried yolk
quinoa uncooked
emu raw oyster
rose-apples raw
cheese monterey
fish raw scup
cheese cheddar
cheese caraway
oil wheat germ
bread oat bran
watermelon raw
potato pancakes
spinach souffle
bacon meatless
rosemary fresh
syrups sorghum
rye flour dark
oil tomatoseed
croutons plain
lemon peel raw
spices paprika
nectarines raw
mulberries raw
lotus root raw
sauce barbecue
fish raw spot
crabapples raw
breadfruit raw
arrowroot flour
pimento canned
tomatillos raw
raisins seeded
bologna turkey
vanilla extract
fish raw carp
wheat sprouted
fish raw cusk
watercress raw
fish raw ling
bread cinnamon
spices saffron
lime juice raw
spelt uncooked
cabbage kimchi
seeds flaxseed
cheese gruyere
cheese gjetost
cheese fontina
butter salted
oil rice bran
crackers milk
dates medjool
arrowroot raw
bread oatmeal
bread italian
tamarinds raw
millet puffed
vinegar cider
scrapple pork
oil poppyseed
oil grapeseed
longans dried
pectin liquid
pretzels soft
quinoa cooked
plantains raw
parsley fresh
barley hulled
cheese romano
dulce de leche
radicchio raw
bulgur cooked
tempeh cooked
chicken spread
millet cooked
capers canned
sapodilla raw
wild rice raw
arrowhead raw
frog legs raw
jackfruit raw
litchis dried
rutabagas raw
cornsalad raw
strudel apple
oil cupu assu
cherimoya raw
cheese tilsit
asparagus raw
apricots raw
broccoli raw
cheese brick
sugars brown
candied fruit
bologna beef
blood sausage
nuts almonds
shallots raw
couscous dry
candies hard
meat extender
syrups maple
sorghum grain
oil hazelnut
pepeao dried
purslane raw
radishes raw
rolls french
bagels wheat
kfc coleslaw
parsnips raw
sugars maple
collards raw
rice crackers
cheese colby
cheese cream
bologna pork
celeriac raw
kumquats raw
oat bran raw
spelt cooked
bread cheese
bread potato
kohlrabi raw
cheese swiss
cheese gouda
tomato powder
cheese blue
cheese brie
celtuce raw
thyme fresh
basil fresh
rhubarb raw
nopales raw
syrups malt
oil teaseed
oil sheanut
oil babassu
longans raw
loquats raw
epazote raw
pumpkin raw
carrots raw
fish surimi
cabbage raw
cardoon raw
abiyuch raw
bread wheat
cheese edam
cheese feta
pummelo raw
quinces raw
cracker meal
roselle raw
soursop raw
oil coconut
wheat durum
kfc biscuit
millet flour
arugula raw
potato flour
litchis raw
teff cooked
spinach raw
oil mustard
oil avocado
phyllo dough
lentils raw
fat chicken
cassava raw
turnips raw
bananas raw
papayas raw
fruit syrup
chives raw
carob flour
prune puree
salt table
chewing gum
fat turkey
tofu fried
borage raw
mangos raw
garlic raw
endive raw
tofu yogurt
celery raw
bagels egg
bulgur dry
feijoa raw
millet raw
ham minced
oil almond
oil walnut
jujube raw
oil canola
syrup cane
onions raw
clif z bar
fish broth
fat goose
bread rye
eppaw raw
limes raw
pie peach
pears raw
plums raw
rowal raw
beets raw
bread egg
buckwheat
oil palm
fat duck
triticale
rye grain
dock raw
kale raw
okra raw
taro raw
figs raw
goat raw
molasses
zwieback
yam raw
oil oat
jellies
eggnog
catsup
tempeh
wasabi
honey
natto
okara
papad
lard
oats
miso
poi
spices dried oregano
winged bean leaves raw
corn raw white sweet
wheat flour whole-grain
cracker barrel coleslaw
fish raw king mackerel
cookies chocolate wafers
mushrooms raw portabella
fish raw striped mullet
egg poached cooked whole
noodles chow mein chinese
oil cold pressed flaxseed
triticale flour whole-grain
cheese queso anejo mexican
smelt dried (alaska native)
lamb broiled cooked ground
tofu dried-frozen (koyadofu)
poultry salad sandwich spread
salami beef and pork cooked
rice flour unenriched white
yogurt nonfat fruit variety
babyfood vegetable crackers
babyfood fruit baby cookie
chicken raw giblets capons
fish raw mixed species roe
fish smoked chinook salmon
house foods premium firm tofu
crackers whole grain cheese
seeds high-fat sesame flour
peppers canned green chili
egg raw fresh whole quail
pumpkin without salt canned
dove cooked (includes squab)
beverages orange carbonated
kefir lifeway plain lowfat
candies almond joy candy bar
cheese substitute mozzarella
crustaceans raw queen crab
wheat cooked kamut khorasan
sauce ready-to-serve hoisin
sauce ready-to-serve oyster
noodles dry somen japanese
crackers reduced fat cheese
cookies reduced fat oatmeal
cranberries sweetened dried
cheese queso cotija mexican
rolls hard (includes kaiser)
ostrich cooked inside strip
silk light chocolate soymilk
candies sugar-coated almonds
kellogg's corn flakes crumbs
cheese queso seco dry white
fish raw wild coho salmon
beets drained solids canned
beef reduced sodium bologna
fast foods hot fudge sundae
keebler iced oatmeal cookies
ice creams fat free vanilla
turkey pot pie frozen entree
peanut butter reduced sodium
oil salad or cooking peanut
turkey raw meat only whole
syrups fudge-type chocolate
corn steamed (navajo) white
fish raw mixed species eel
spices dried coriander leaf
popovers unenriched dry mix
lemon grass (citronella) raw
candies with almonds nougat
fish raw atlantic mackerel
candies reese's pieces candy
sauce ready-to-serve cheese
noodles unenriched dry egg
egg scrambled cooked whole
egg raw fresh whole goose
jujube dried fresh chinese
girl scouts trefoils cookies
quail raw meat only breast
blueberries sweetened dried
mcdonald's hot mustard sauce
candies payday bar hersheys
sauce ready-to-serve tartar
pulled pork in barbecue sauce
sauce thick white homemade
veal broiled cooked ground
bison raw grass-fed ground
bread bollilo mexican roll
mcdonald's chicken mcnuggets
currants raw european black
pineapple all varieties raw
fish raw atlantic wolffish
cereals ready-to-eat familia
leavening agents baking soda
asparagus unprepared frozen
english muffins whole-wheat
ice creams light chocolate
crackers wheat melba toast
crackers plain melba toast
crackers plain wafers rye
apples with skin gala raw
fish dry heat cooked ling
fish dry heat cooked cusk
peanut spread reduced sugar
beerwurst pork beer salami
babyfood junior beef meat
peppers sauteed red sweet
tree fern with salt cooked
pheasant meat and skin raw
oil salad or cooking olive
squash raw hubbard winter
rambutan syrup pack canned
fish raw atlantic herring
bologna beef pork chicken
denny's golden fried shrimp
mcdonald's hot fudge sundae
fish raw spanish mackerel
pepperidge farm white bread
crackers low sodium cheese
usda commodity canned pork
orange pineapple juice blend
beverages hard cider amber
babyfood apple-banana juice
spices ground mustard seed
on the border refried beans
cornmeal white whole-grain
ground turkey raw fat free
kanpyo (dried gourd strips)
pancakes reduced fat plain
tennis bread plain (apache)
usda commodity canned beef
cockles raw (alaska native)
yogurt lowfat plain greek
apples with skin fuji raw
cheese low sodium parmesan
peppers canned hot pickled
mcdonald's hotcakes (plain)
lettuce raw cos or romaine
murray jacks vanilla wafers
noodles dry soba japanese
beverages powder cocoa mix
game meat raw ground deer
dessert topping pressurized
cheese reduced fat cheddar
cream light whipping fluid
cream heavy whipping fluid
pinon nuts roasted (navajo)
mothbeans raw mature seeds
bread toasted pumpernickel
bread enriched white pita
beef raw ground grass-fed
muffins dry mix wheat bran
candies semisweet chocolate
sauce dry cheese sauce mix
cranberry juice unsweetened
ostrich cooked tip trimmed
cake dry mix light yellow
buckwheat flour whole-groat
sweet potato mashed canned
sausage smoked hot turkey
pastrami 98% fat-free beef
fish dry heat cooked scup
fish dry heat cooked spot
rice raw long-grain brown
babyfood junior lamb meat
oil and olive peanut corn
soy flour roasted full-fat
fish dry heat cooked carp
fish raw european anchovy
game meat raw wild rabbit
pace dry taco seasoning mix
alfalfa seeds raw sprouted
squash raw (navajo) indian
fish raw atlantic croaker
smart soup greek minestrone
cream lowfat half and half
babyfood mixed fruit juice
milk shakes thick chocolate
grapefruit juice raw white
babyfood arrowroot cookies
fish raw atlantic pollock
egg raw fresh whole duck
mcdonald's sausage mcmuffin
healthy request tomato juice
crackers whole-wheat matzo
soup dry cubed beef broth
puddings ready-to-eat rice
pectin dry mix unsweetened
candies caramello candy bar
veal raw external fat only
seeds raw breadfruit seeds
mushrooms stir-fried white
snacks rolls fruit leather
sauce thin white homemade
sauce ready-to-serve salsa
peppers raw red hot chili
squash raw scallop summer
currants raw red and white
crustaceans raw blue crab
pie fillings cherry canned
yogurt nonfat plain greek
crackers reduced fat wheat
gravy powder dry mushroom
gravy dry unspecified type
seeds low-fat sesame flour
mushrooms microwaved white
beverages amp energy drink
silk black cherry soy yogurt
snack original bar balance
beverages well tap water
chrysanthemum raw garland
stew moose (alaska native)
ice creams rich chocolate
oil walrus (alaska native)
grapefruit juice raw pink
babyfood junior ham meat
radish seeds raw sprouted
mori-nu firm silken tofu
mori-nu soft silken tofu
bread rye reduced-calorie
snacks air-popped popcorn
muffins dry mix blueberry
frankfurter unheated beef
turkey raw giblets whole
corn pudding home prepared
popovers enriched dry mix
soybeans raw mature seeds
beef sausage cooked fresh
luncheon meat canned pork
murray vanilla sugar wafer
radishes raw white icicle
vinespinach raw (basella)
syrups high-fructose corn
stew steamed corn (navajo)
oscar mayer bologna (beef)
ostrich raw outside strip
milk fluid indian buffalo
nuts dried black walnuts
on the border mexican rice
mushrooms raw chanterelle
mcdonald's baked apple pie
mcdonald's sausage biscuit
chick-fil-a chick-n-strips
edamame unprepared frozen
mollusks raw blue mussel
quail total edible cooked
cereals dry cream of rice
lean pockets ham n cheddar
snacks tropical trail mix
nuts full fat acorn flour
sauce ready-to-serve fish
fish raw european turbot
fast foods caramel sundae
pie fillings canned apple
sauce ready-to-serve plum
ostrich cooked inside leg
gravy mushroom campbell's
snacks smoked beef sticks
cheese whole milk ricotta
silk french vanilla creamer
bread canned boston brown
cheese queso blanco white
cheese queso fresco fresh
beverages powder lemonade
apricots sweetened frozen
muffins toaster-type corn
tomatoes cooked ripe red
squash raw baby zucchini
hormel canadian style bacon
mcdonald's quarter pounder
brotwurst link beef pork
pork cooked ground fresh
sausage raw pork italian
ham and cheese loaf or roll
cracker barrel steak fries
mcdonald's sausage burrito
candies chunky bar nestle
fish raw freshwater drum
pate canned chicken liver
burger king chicken strips
pork raw salt pork cured
cereals ready-to-eat alpen
light ice cream creamsicle
toppings marshmallow cream
fish raw pacific herring
sandwich spread beef pork
nuts hazelnuts or filberts
babyfood teething biscuits
pace organic picante sauce
peppers raw yellow sweet
fish raw florida pompano
potato salad home-prepared
girl scouts chalet cookies
girl scouts samoas cookies
cheese semisoft type goat
game meat raw ground elk
candies unsweetened carob
babyfood toddler potatoes
veal cooked seam fat only
sauce ready-to-serve duck
corn dogs prepared frozen
seeds paste sesame butter
noodles enriched dry egg
persimmons dried japanese
carrots unprepared frozen
carambola raw (starfruit)
fast foods chicken tenders
beans home prepared baked
cream half and half fluid
silk light vanilla soymilk
turnips unprepared frozen
pace cilantro chunky salsa
pace chipotle chunky salsa
jams and preserves apricot
butter with salt whipped
ham cooked smoked honey
spaghetti cooked spinach
bockwurst raw veal pork
guinea hen raw meat only
cookies soft-type raisin
squash raw acorn winter
candies kit kat wafer bar
peppers raw green sweet
turkey sausage raw fresh
denny's top sirloin steak
pomegranate juice bottled
nance unsweetened frozen
sauce sriracha hot chile
bread toasted wheat germ
bread kneel down (navajo)
vegetable oil palm kernel
fish raw chinook salmon
milk fluid mature human
pork pickled feet cured
canadian bacon unprepared
cake dry mix gingerbread
burger king vanilla shake
cheese shredded parmesan
pumpkin with salt canned
keebler crackers animals
game meat raw wild boar
rolls whole-wheat dinner
cheese nonfat mozzarella
kfc crispy chicken strips
ice creams light vanilla
ostrich raw inside strip
silk very vanilla soymilk
fish raw sockeye salmon
fast foods scrambled egg
snacks salted pita chips
taro without salt cooked
bratwurst cooked chicken
gravy chicken campbell's
fast foods mashed potato
oscar mayer salami (hard)
gravy dry instant turkey
sorghum flour whole-grain
milk shakes thick vanilla
mother's macaroon cookies
pace thick & chunky salsa
egg omelet cooked whole
java-plum raw (jambolan)
snacks regular trail mix
puddings dry mix tapioca
dip original flavor bean
swanson chicken a la king
mcdonald's barbeque sauce
pasta cooked whole-wheat
sauce tomato based steak
mushrooms dried shiitake
cream substitute powdered
carissa raw (natal-plum)
beverages chocolate syrup
mayonnaise made with tofu
frankfurter low fat beef
babyfood toddler carrots
snacks plain bagel chips
silk strawberry soy yogurt
fish raw american shad
fish raw rainbow smelt
bread unenriched raisin
cheese low sodium swiss
bagels whole grain white
ice cream cookie sandwich
apples without skin raw
tomatoes canned crushed
chrysanthemum leaves raw
lentils raw pink or red
barbecue loaf beef pork
quail raw meat and skin
bologna meat and poultry
bacon low sodium turkey
corned beef loaf jellied
taco bell nachos supreme
mustard yellow prepared
rhubarb uncooked frozen
burger king french fries
bread toasted rice bran
broccoli cooked chinese
nuts raw macadamia nuts
candies mounds candy bar
ice creams rich vanilla
ostrich raw outside leg
fish raw orange roughy
lemons without peel raw
nuts raw pistachio nuts
egg fried cooked whole
mammy-apple raw (mamey)
snacks plain pork skins
edamame prepared frozen
sandwich spread meatless
luncheon slices meatless
keebler cookies animals
vermicelli made from soy
frozen yogurts chocolate
mountain yam raw hawaii
pace salsa refried beans
campbell's pork and beans
pace triple pepper salsa
cheese low fat muenster
dessert topping powdered
gravy turkey campbell's
silk unsweetened soymilk
pace diced green chilies
blueberries frozen wild
lupins raw mature seeds
agave cooked (southwest)
cookies coconut macaroon
avocados california raw
crackers rye crispbread
pork raw backfat fresh
crackers regular cheese
gravy au jus campbell's
seaweed dried spirulina
cookies dry mix oatmeal
chicken no broth canned
mcdonald's big breakfast
crackers low salt wheat
cornmeal yellow (navajo)
frankfurter heated meat
frankfurter heated beef
peppered loaf beef pork
burger king cheeseburger
gelatin desserts dry mix
gravy dry brown instant
smart soup french lentil
fast foods plain hotdog
salami pork dry or hard
smoked link sausage pork
nuts canned ginkgo nuts
spices pumpkin pie spice
spices poultry seasoning
ostrich raw tip trimmed
ostrich cooked top loin
shake vanilla fast food
fish raw northern pike
jerusalem-artichokes raw
radishes dried oriental
side dishes potato salad
persimmons raw japanese
rice and wheat cereal bar
silk light plain soymilk
cheese low fat monterey
onions dehydrated flakes
seeds dried lotus seeds
silk raspberry soy yogurt
silk blueberry soy yogurt
pretzels unsalted soft
sweet potato leaves raw
beerwurst pork and beef
bread toasted oat bran
pheasant meat only raw
fish raw atlantic cod
turkey bacon microwaved
ham not canned chopped
spices ground turmeric
burger king onion rings
salad dressing coleslaw
beef sausage pre-cooked
wendy's chicken nuggets
pork raw ground fresh
applebee's french fries
candies white chocolate
fast foods hush puppies
nuts dried hickorynuts
spices ground allspice
beef stew canned entree
honey roll sausage beef
kale unprepared frozen
mushrooms raw shiitake
milk non-soy imitation
fungi dried cloud ears
chick-fil-a hash browns
crackers water biscuits
keebler oatmeal cookies
new zealand spinach raw
pace tequila lime salsa
lettuce raw green leaf
cake dry mix angelfood
fish raw white sucker
peppers raw red sweet
ostrich raw inside leg
seeds dried chia seeds
silk plus fiber soymilk
snacks brown rice chips
corn raw yellow sweet
animal fat bacon grease
pork pickled pork hocks
agave dried (southwest)
bread whole-wheat pita
cheese grated parmesan
chili with beans canned
candies sweet chocolate
beans raw yellow snap
ostrich raw tenderloin
mcdonald's egg mcmuffin
campbell's tomato juice
raisins golden seedless
crackers regular wheat
guanabana nectar canned
mcdonald's french fries
mcdonald's filet-o-fish
mcdonald's cheeseburger
peas raw edible-podded
soy flour raw full-fat
fish raw striped bass
game meat raw squirrel
jellyfish salted dried
amaranth grain uncooked
cornmeal white (navajo)
spices ground cinnamon
spices dried dill weed
gravy dry instant beef
beans raw in pod fava
nuts dried ginkgo nuts
pickle relish hamburger
fish raw walleye pike
jew's ear raw (pepeao)
turkey bacon unprepared
turkey and gravy frozen
cucumber raw with peel
cowpeas raw leafy tips
syrup chocolate nestle
veal raw seam fat only
yogurt non-fat vanilla
game meat raw antelope
cherries raw red sour
gravy powder dry pork
cabbage salted mustard
blackberry juice canned
okra unprepared frozen
seeds hulled hemp seed
silk key lime soy yogurt
egg mix usda commodity
peanuts raw all types
beans raw green snap
spaghetti dry spinach
bratwurst cooked veal
cheese fat free cream
candies milk chocolate
plantains fried green
water generic bottled
sauce dry alfredo mix
milk fluid low sodium
taco bell bean burrito
cauliflower raw green
picnic loaf beef pork
denny's chicken strips
breakfast tart low fat
fish raw chum salmon
fish smoked sablefish
spices dried marjoram
mango sweetened dried
malabar spinach cooked
peppers raw hungarian
peppers dried pasilla
pumpkin pie mix canned
seaweed raw irishmoss
nuts blanched almonds
schiff,tiger's milk bar
game meat raw muskrat
pickles sour cucumber
frankfurter low sodium
bread enriched raisin
bread toasted oatmeal
fish raw pink salmon
octopus (alaska native)
ostrich cooked oyster
bagels cinnamon-raisin
pork raw belly fresh
tamarind nectar canned
nuts dried butternuts
bratwurst cooked pork
pears green anjou raw
gravy beef campbell's
seaweed raw spirulina
soy meal raw defatted
candies plain halavah
milk dried buttermilk
barley cooked pearled
cornmeal blue (navajo)
nuts raw coconut meat
pie cherry fried pies
toppings nuts in syrup
babyfood orange juice
spices dried rosemary
keebler vanilla wafers
guavas raw strawberry
cheese hard type goat
cheese soft type goat
radishes raw oriental
puddings dry mix rice
mushrooms raw maitake
sour cream reduced fat
taro with salt cooked
melons raw cantaloupe
pasta dry whole-wheat
persimmons raw native
kashi blueberry waffle
game meat raw caribou
oranges with peel raw
seeds raw lotus seeds
rolls oat bran dinner
gravy canned mushroom
spices dried tarragon
silk chocolate soymilk
sweetener agave syrup
onions sauteed yellow
fish salted mackerel
english muffins wheat
apples with skin raw
bologna beef and pork
beverages cola zevia
fast foods taco salad
hearts of palm canned
fish raw ocean pout
bread sprouted wheat
spices dried chervil
babyfood apple juice
nuts english walnuts
spices dried parsley
spices ground ginger
spices ground nutmeg
egg fresh raw white
egg fresh raw whole
candies reese's bites
mushrooms raw oyster
egg substitute powder
cereals dry wheatena
ice creams strawberry
hominy yellow canned
cheese low fat swiss
lettuce raw red leaf
game meat raw beaver
bologna low fat beef
butterbur raw (fuki)
cheese hard parmesan
pickle relish hot dog
snacks shrimp cracker
avocados florida raw
chickpea flour (besan)
peanuts raw virginia
peanuts raw valencia
peanut flour defatted
nuts raw cashew nuts
chorizo pork and beef
crackers plain matzo
bologna pork chicken
kashi original waffle
amaranth grain cooked
shallots freeze-dried
falafel home-prepared
melon banana (navajo)
mortadella pork beef
wheat hard red spring
wheat soft red winter
wheat hard red winter
burger king hamburger
spices coriander seed
spices ground cloves
spices fenugreek seed
cheese sliced sharp cheddar
babyfood junior turkey meat
soup vegetable broth swanson
beans with beef canned baked
beans raw mature seeds pinto
applebee's crunchy onion rings
yogurt whole milk fruit greek
muffins toaster-type blueberry
soy sauce made from soy (tamari)
hyacinth beans raw mature seeds
mcdonald's low fat caramel sauce
cloudberries raw (alaska native)
keebler wheat crackers toasteds
nuts roasted european chestnuts
cherries sweetened frozen sweet
spaghettios spaghettios  a to z's
dip original flavor bean frito's
cowpeas raw young pods with seeds
soy protein isolate potassium type
babyfood junior applesauce fruit
mollusks raw mixed species squid
puddings regular dry mix vanilla
puddings instant dry mix vanilla
whale eyes (alaska native) beluga
sauce ready-to-serve verde salsa
pasta mix unprepared classic beef
mayonnaise dressing no cholesterol
nuts unblanched dried brazilnuts
walrus dried (alaska native) meat
seal liver (alaska native) ringed
restaurant sesame chicken chinese
kashi toasted asiago crackers tlc
crustaceans raw alaska king crab
fish raw mixed species whitefish
salad dressing home recipe french
game meat roasted cooked caribou
campbell's v8 100% vegetable juice
oranges valencias california raw
bread sweet yeast bread pan dulce
beans no salt added canned baked
candies twizzlers nibs cherry bits
cake dry mix carrot pudding-type
candies butterfinger crisp nestle
archway home style cookies oatmeal
lasagna unprepared frozen cheese
onions unprepared chopped frozen
cowpeas raw mature seeds catjang
tea hohoysi (hopi) brewed herbal
fish raw mixed species sea bass
fish dry heat cooked sheepshead
snacks almond hard granola bars
fish raw mixed species seatrout
restaurant refried beans mexican
sunshine cheez-it crackers gripz
pepperidge farm white hoagie roll
fish dry heat cooked butterfish
keebler sesame crackers toasteds
walrus raw (alaska native) liver
cookies refrigerated dough sugar
chocolate-flavored hazelnut spread
baking chocolate squares mexican
puddings instant dry mix banana
wendy's with cheese double stack
corn flour enriched masa yellow
salisbury steak with gravy frozen
restaurant lemon chicken chinese
beverages cran grape ocean spray
grapefruit california white raw
peaches uncooked sulfured dried
potatoes raw flesh and skin red
candies whatchamacallit candy bar
keebler multigrain crackers club
sunshine colby crackers cheez-it
sorghum flour unenriched refined
candies mr. goodbar chocolate bar
turkey breast prepackaged sliced
acerola raw (west indian cherry)
cracker barrel macaroni n' cheese
burrito microwaved beef and bean
pie prepared from recipe pumpkin
oscar mayer wieners (beef franks)
english muffins whole grain white
stew/soup caribou (alaska native)
pie commercially prepared cherry
beverages tonic water carbonated
emu broiled cooked inside drums
mustard greens unprepared frozen
cheese sauce prepared from recipe
peaches sweetened sliced frozen
game meat roasted cooked beaver
pace spicy jalapeno refried beans
cake prepared dry mix angelfood
bread stuffing dry mix cornbread
fish raw mixed species sturgeon
huckleberries raw (alaska native)
chicken raw all classes gizzard
cream cultured reduced fat sour
silk plus for bone health soymilk
reddi wip fat free whipped topping
cream substitute liquid flavored
boysenberries heavy syrup canned
boysenberries unsweetened frozen
butter without salt stick light
cake prepared from recipe sponge
hush puppies prepared from recipe
beans canned mature seeds white
doughnuts glazed french crullers
pork cooked separable fat fresh
peanut butter reduced fat smooth
cookies lower fat vanilla wafers
candies hershey's skor toffee bar
duck raw meat only domesticated
duck raw meat only breast wild
babyfood chicken and rice dinner
puddings regular dry mix banana
knackwurst beef pork knockwurst
seasoning mix original taco dry
artichokes raw (globe or french)
milk calcium reduced nonfat dry
milk sweetened condensed canned
squash raw all varieties summer
squash raw all varieties winter
pate canned not specified liver
burger king premium fish sandwich
crackers reduced fat whole-wheat
salmonberries raw (alaska native)
babyfood orange and banana juice
candies after eight mints nestle
beverages perrier bottled water
restaurant coleslaw family style
mother's vanilla sandwich cookies
pancakes dry mix special dietary
gourd raw dishcloth (towelgourd)
babyfood strained peaches fruit
desserts dry mix vanilla rennin
cereals ready-to-eat kashi golean
tangerine juice sweetened canned
wheat flour enriched cake white
oil whale (alaska native) beluga
puff pastry ready-to-bake frozen
kefir lifeway strawberry lowfat
macaroni and cheese frozen entree
turkey from whole raw light meat
lemonade pink frozen concentrate
mollusks raw mixed species clam
macaroni dry enriched vegetable
seal meat (alaska native) ringed
sea cucumber yane (alaska native)
keebler original saltines zesta
cranberry sauce sweetened canned
focaccia plain italian flatbread
campbell's condensed tomato soup
vitasoy usa nasoya lite firm tofu
soup chinese restaurant egg drop
nuts roasted japanese chestnuts
cheese swiss pasteurized process
macaroni and cheese canned entree
asparagus drained boiled cooked
peanut butter with omega-3 creamy
onions solids and liquids canned
cheese part skim milk mozzarella
mother's coconut cocadas cookies
cream substitute light powdered
fast foods with sausage biscuit
frybread made with lard (apache)
snacks plain hard granola bars
taro shoots without salt cooked
fish raw farmed rainbow trout
mollusks canned eastern oyster
restaurant spanish rice mexican
pork cooked rendered fat bacon
pork baked cooked bacon cured
keebler onion crackers toasteds
walrus raw (alaska native) meat
cake dry mix unenriched yellow
parmesan cheese topping fat free
fish dry heat cooked sablefish
grapefruit all areas white raw
peas raw sprouted mature seeds
babyfood apple and cherry juice
nuts roasted chinese chestnuts
candies butterfinger bar nestle
mori-nu extra firm silken tofu
fish raw wild channel catfish
candies vanilla with nuts fudge
fish raw mixed species grouper
asparagus drained solids canned
turkey raw all classes gizzard
denny's mozzarella cheese sticks
rice cooked medium-grain brown
mcdonald's peanuts (for sundaes)
chicken raw meat only roasting
t.g.i. friday's fried mozzarella
pie fillings low calorie cherry
frybread made with lard (navajo)
stew hominy with mutton (navajo)
pepperidge farm deli swirl bread
crackers low sodium toast thins
smart soup santa fe corn chowder
beverages ginger ale carbonated
danish pastry enriched cinnamon
fish raw wild atlantic salmon
bear meat (alaska native) black
babyfood toddler dices peaches
potato puffs oven-heated frozen
nabisco nabisco grahams crackers
carrabba's italian grill lasagne
pie commercially prepared pecan
puddings ready-to-eat chocolate
beef chopped beef smoked cured
caribou raw (alaska native) eye
pie prepared from recipe cherry
beverages red bull energy drink
yogurt nonfat strawberry greek
yogurt lowfat strawberry greek
usda commodity flour mix bakery
keebler frosted cookies animals
cheese cheddar or colby low fat
crustaceans raw dungeness crab
fish raw yellowfin fresh tuna
bread somiviki (hopi) blue corn
beans canned mature seeds navy
fish raw mixed species snapper
cookies lemon wafer gluten-free
potatoes with salt flesh baked
game meat roasted cooked horse
alcoholic beverage cooking wine
seeds dried whole sesame seeds
cheese nonfat or fat free swiss
seeds dried breadnut tree seeds
turnip greens unprepared frozen
snacks barbecue-flavor cornnuts
beverages unsweetened rice milk
chicken fried breaded meatless
mollusks baked or broiled conch
taro with salt cooked tahitian
frostings dry mix fluffy white
apples uncooked sulfured dried
mouse nuts roots (alaska native)
salad dressing light mayonnaise
corn flour white enriched masa
buckwheat groats cooked roasted
sweet potato vacuum pack canned
orange juice unsweetened canned
refried beans vegetarian canned
game meat roasted cooked moose
babyfood strained chicken meat
peppers freeze-dried red sweet
strawberries unsweetened frozen
kielbasa pan-fried fully cooked
turkey raw meat and skin whole
canadian bacon pan-fried cooked
yardlong beans raw mature seeds
tofu salted and fermented (fuyu)
mush blue corn with ash (navajo)
pate canned smoked goose liver
beverages powder rich chocolate
burger king with cheese whopper
gelatins unsweetened dry powder
oil salad or cooking cottonseed
winged beans raw immature seeds
toppings butterscotch or caramel
fish kippered atlantic herring
oil spotted seal (alaska native)
cranberry juice cocktail bottled
babyfood orange and apple juice
babyfood prune and orange juice
lasagna prepared frozen cheese
kashi sea salt pita crisps tlc
snacks reduced fat potato chips
murray vanilla wafer sugar free
spaghettios spaghettios original
soup ready to serve beef barley
salad dressing creamy poppyseed
dressing fat-free honey mustard
mollusks raw unspecified whelk
pie crust dry mix standard-type
beverages grape soda carbonated
mushrooms drained solids canned
game meat simmered cooked bear
rolls plain hamburger or hotdog
kashi honey sesame crackers tlc
fish raw mixed species whiting
leavening agents cream of tartar
beans with franks canned baked
fish dry heat cooked swordfish
radishes pickled hawaiian style
gravy fat free beef campbell's
blackberries unsweetened frozen
onions unprepared whole frozen
puddings regular dry mix lemon
lasagna baked frozen vegetable
puddings instant dry mix lemon
beverages rockstar energy drink
silk banana-strawberry soy yogurt
mother's chocolate chip cookies
whipped topping low fat frozen
vitasoy usa azumaya silken tofu
ice cream chocolate soft serve
moose raw (alaska native) meat
bread crumbs plain grated dry
oven-roasted chicken breast roll
salad dressing russian dressing
oil original pam cooking spray
restaurant corn tamale latino
restaurant pork tamale latino
fish dry heat cooked mahimahi
emu broiled cooked fan fillet
beans raw mature seeds yellow
keebler toasted coconut cookies
fish dry heat cooked milkfish
fish dry heat cooked monkfish
babyfood apple and grape juice
pheasant raw meat only breast
burrito frozen bean and cheese
potatoes home-prepared o'brien
mori-nu lite firm silken tofu
tofu prepared with nigari hard
meatballs italian style frozen
kielbasa unheated fully cooked
alcoholic beverage whiskey sour
wend'ys crispy chicken sandwich
burger king double cheeseburger
sunshine big crackers cheez-it
babyfood junior cherry cobbler
danish pastry unenriched lemon
applebee's double crunch shrimp
burger king french toast sticks
mutton roasted (navajo) cooked
fish raw atlantic ocean perch
cereals dry quick oats quaker
cookies reduced fat shortbread
potatoes drained solids canned
t.g.i. friday's chicken fingers
babyfood apple and peach juice
seeds roasted breadfruit seeds
potato puffs unprepared frozen
pie prepared from recipe pecan
pie prepared from recipe mince
nuts dried japanese chestnuts
mcdonald's hotcakes and sausage
kellogg's original simply eggo
pie prepared from recipe apple
beverages root beer carbonated
emu pan-broiled cooked ground
cheese queso chihuahua mexican
keebler original crackers club
pears uncooked sulfured dried
soup home-prepared beef stock
soup home-prepared fish stock
fish raw skipjack fresh tuna
noodles cooked somen japanese
cheesecake commercially prepared
crackers gamesa sabrosas cream
fish raw pumpkin seed sunfish
sauce original kraft barbecue
snacks rice-based oriental mix
chicken raw all classes liver
chicken raw all classes heart
vegetable juice cocktail canned
coriander (cilantro) leaves raw
snacks almond crisped rice bar
blueberries unsweetened frozen
bread oat bran reduced-calorie
bread toasted enriched raisin
bread protein (includes gluten)
beverages municipal tap water
game meat roasted cooked goat
muffins prepared dry mix corn
chicken raw meat only stewing
fish dry heat cooked bluefish
bagels toasted cinnamon-raisin
sweet potato unprepared frozen
mashu roots raw (alaska native)
campbell's organic tomato juice
bratwurst smoked beef and pork
sausage smoked turkey italian
beverages citrus  energy drink
keebler holiday jingles cookies
succotash raw (corn and limas)
babyfood strained turkey meat
pepperoni sliced beef and pork
cookies dry mix chocolate chip
frozen novelties lime ice type
salad dressing lite buttermilk
fish pickled atlantic herring
babyfood apple and prune juice
pasta cooked corn gluten-free
cheese spread cream cheese base
cheese with vegetables cottage
mother's taffy sandwich cookies
pace lime & garlic chunky salsa
denny's spaghetti and meatballs
beverages club soda carbonated
on the border cheese quesadilla
cabbage raw chinese (pak-choi)
babyfood strained pears fruit
babyfood junior peaches fruit
beef canned corned beef cured
salsify raw (vegetable oyster)
salad dressing fat-free caesar
cereals dry unenriched farina
passion-fruit juice raw yellow
raspberries unsweetened frozen
babyfood toddler dices apples
pork dehydrated oriental style
yogurt whole milk plain greek
keebler cinnamon crisp grahams
bison cooked grass-fed ground
beans raw mature seeds french
game meat roasted cooked deer
soup chinese restaurant wonton
beans raw mature seeds adzuki
salad dressing bacon and tomato
fish dry heat cooked tilefish
passion-fruit juice raw purple
beverages brewed hibiscus tea
cheese food american cold pack
cherries sweetened dried tart
mother's circus animal cookies
beverages drinking tap water
fish raw mixed species shark
english muffins toasted wheat
beans raw mature seeds white
fish dry heat cooked tilapia
fast foods french toast sticks
crackers fish-shaped flavored
crackers seasoned wafers rye
fish dry heat cooked lingcod
salami less sodium beef pork
corn flour yellow whole-grain
grapefruit florida white raw
nuts dried chinese chestnuts
soymilk unfortified chocolate
bread oatmeal reduced-calorie
chicken patty uncooked frozen
babyfood tropical fruit medley
turkey raw all classes heart
turkey raw all classes liver
fish dry heat cooked haddock
liver sausage pork liverwurst
lima beans raw immature seeds
chicken raw giblets roasting
veal pan-fried cooked ground
bread toasted sprouted wheat
carbonated beverage cream soda
beverages malt liquor beverage
alcoholic beverages rose wine
babyfood apple-cranberry juice
keebler danish wedding cookies
mcdonald's double cheeseburger
on the border cheese enchilada
babyfood toddler dices pears
egg hard-boiled cooked whole
eggs frozen mixture scrambled
puddings ready-to-eat tapioca
emu broiled cooked full rump
candies twizzlers cherry bites
crustaceans canned blue crab
wheat uncooked kamut khorasan
sauce ready-to-serve cocktail
babyfood fruit supreme dessert
noodles cooked soba japanese
pace traditional refried beans
cake dry mix enriched yellow
soup condensed canned tomato
sour cream cultured imitation
alcoholic beverage light wine
soymilk (all flavors) enhanced
cream substitute light liquid
beans raw mature seeds black
seeds boiled breadfruit seeds
seeds raw breadnut tree seeds
snacks mixed flavors clif bar
bologna low fat beef and pork
butter with salt stick light
alcoholic beverage rice (sake)
sauce ready-to-serve teriyaki
cheese part skim milk ricotta
game meat roasted cooked elk
broadbeans raw immature seeds
taro with salt cooked shoots
alcoholic beverage light beer
fish raw farmed coho salmon
pork raw separable fat fresh
pie fillings canned blueberry
plums uncooked dried (prunes)
refried beans fat-free canned
keebler cinnamon toast grahams
rice cooked long-grain brown
fast foods with cheese nachos
babyfood junior chicken meat
kielbasa grilled fully cooked
pigeonpeas raw immature seeds
crackers low salt whole-wheat
squab raw meat only (pigeon)
babyfood peach yogurt dessert
babyfood apple - cherry juice
soup condensed canned cheese
winged beans raw mature seeds
burger king no cheese whopper
frozen novelties pop ice type
fast foods with beans burrito
applebee's hand battered fish
salami beef pork dry or hard
babyfood apple and plum juice
mother's iced lemonade cookies
mother's jungle animal cookies
peas unprepared frozen green
fish raw mixed species perch
luncheon sausage pork and beef
girl scouts thin mints cookies
mcdonald's sweet 'n sour sauce
mcdonald's spicy buffalo sauce
wheat flours unenriched bread
veal cooked external fat only
puddings ready-to-eat vanilla
mushrooms stir-fried shiitake
cranberry-orange relish canned
bear naked fruit & nut cookies
taco bell soft taco with steak
cauliflower unprepared frozen
beans with pork canned baked
fish raw bluefin fresh tuna
fish raw mixed species trout
fish raw wild rainbow trout
candies york peppermint pattie
tree fern without salt cooked
cabbage raw chinese (pe-tsai)
pizza rolls unprepared frozen
vitasoy usa azumaya firm tofu
milk whole fluid buttermilk
snacks salted plantain chips
soup dry chicken broth cubes
bologna turkey and beef pork
bologna lite pork and turkey
restaurant tripe soup latino
mungo beans raw mature seeds
fish dry heat cooked burbot
ravioli canned cheese-filled
beans raw mature seeds pink
sausage links sweet italian
buckwheat groats dry roasted
yogurt nonfat milk chocolate
beverages non-alcoholic wine
babyfood strained beef meat
babyfood strained pork meat
babyfood strained veal meat
guinea hen raw meat and skin
peppers raw green hot chili
squash raw butternut winter
peppers sauteed green sweet
bread unenriched white pita
corn flour white whole-grain
salad dressing sweet and sour
bologna pork turkey chicken
rice raw medium-grain brown
cocoa unsweetened dry powder
mcdonald's hot caramel sundae
burger king hash brown rounds
beverages canned grape drink
candies 100 grand bar nestle
sausage cooked pork italian
babyfood dry rice and apples
olive garden lasagna classico
soup condensed canned onion
mangosteen syrup pack canned
kiwifruit raw zespri sungold
mcdonald's sausage mcgriddles
flan dry mix caramel custard
snacks cheese-flavor popcorn
babyfood toddler dices peas
egg raw fresh whole turkey
mollusks raw common octopus
vegetarian meatloaf or patties
pheasant total edible cooked
yogurt nonfat vanilla greek
keebler iced cookies animals
cheese queso asadero mexican
oat flour partially debranned
potatoes ready-to-eat mashed
snacks plain cornnuts kraft
noodles cooked enriched egg
pitanga raw (surinam-cherry)
crackers goya crackers snack
beans raw mature seeds navy
topping smucker's magic shell
bread stuffing dry mix bread
broccoli raw flower clusters
gravy golden pork campbell's
silk plus omega-3 dha soymilk
cheese reduced fat provolone
blueberries sweetened frozen
beets drained boiled cooked
babyfood orange-carrot juice
fast foods strawberry sundae
chicken raw giblets stewing
mcdonald's mcchicken sandwich
cream fat free half and half
squash raw spaghetti winter
beans microwaved green snap
babyfood strained lamb meat
duck raw liver domesticated
duck raw meat and skin wild
oil salad or cooking soybean
candies oh henry! bar nestle
candies krackel chocolate bar
candies baby ruth bar nestle
pepperidge farm hamburger bun
pickle and pimiento loaf pork
smart soup indian bean masala
smart soup moroccan chick pea
smart soup thai coconut curry
nabisco nabisco ritz crackers
fast foods with chili hotdog
spices red or cayenne pepper
mother's iced oatmeal cookies
chili canned entree no beans
burrito frozen beef and bean
ostrich cooked outside strip
onions tops only young green
pork unprepared bacon cured
nuts dried pinyon pine nuts
girl scouts do-si-dos cookies
girl scouts tagalongs cookies
babyfood junior pears fruit
swanson chicken and dumplings
mcdonald's creamy ranch sauce
game meat  raw ground bison
mollusks raw pacific oyster
yogurt lowfat vanilla greek
emu broiled cooked top loin
cheese low sodium mozzarella
sauce medium white homemade
crackers egg and onion matzo
mushrooms grilled portabella
game meat raw water buffalo
beverages brewed oolong tea
nuts raw japanese chestnuts
soup mix dry chicken noodle
cheese whole milk mozzarella
tomato products sauce canned
fast foods with egg biscuit
fast foods with ham biscuit
candies 5th avenue candy bar
snacks pieces fruit leather
beverages orange juice drink
babyfood peas and brown rice
house foods premium soft tofu
sweet potato unprepared raw
jackfruit syrup pack canned
mung beans raw mature seeds
keebler sweet cremes cookies
sausage beef pork berliner
syrups pancake table blends
babyfood strained ham meat
chick-fil-a chicken sandwich
sugar-apples raw (sweetsop)
pheasant raw meat only leg
nuts raw chinese chestnuts
bread wheat reduced-calorie
bread white reduced-calorie
oil salad or cooking sesame
cornmeal yellow whole-grain
chicken patty cooked frozen
potato soup dry mix instant
sunshine snack mix cheez-it
fish raw greenland halibut
turkey sausage cooked fresh
pasta dry corn gluten-free
nance drained syrup canned
wendy's frosty dairy dessert
pokeberry shoots raw (poke)
potatoes raw flesh and skin
mcdonald's strawberry sundae
peppers sun-dried hot chile
nopales without salt cooked
t.g.i. friday's french fries
applebee's mozzarella sticks
barbara dee winter mints cookies
keebler wheat crackers town house
egg pasteurized frozen raw yolk
raspberries sweetened red frozen
peas and carrots unprepared frozen
pie prepared from recipe blueberry
beans drained solids canned pinto
turkey with broth meat only canned
plums wild (northern plains indians)
mcdonald's grilled ranch snack wrap
squirrel meat (alaska native) ground
cereals ready-to-eat uncle sam cereal
bear raw (alaska native) meat polar
babyfood toddler macaroni and cheese
babyfood pasta with vegetables dinner
spaghettios spaghettios with meatballs
gravy country style sausage campbell's
nuts peeled dried european chestnuts
smart soup vietnamese carrot lemongrass
syrups cane and 15% maple table blends
pasta cooked plain fresh-refrigerated
candies rolo caramels in milk chocolate
candies snickers bar mars snackfood us
potatoes unprepared dry mix scalloped
potatoes unprepared dry mix au gratin
beverages poland spring bottled water
pizza hut 14" pepperoni pizza pan crust
pasta with tomato sauce canned no meat
lasagna with meat & sauce frozen entree
soup condensed canned cream of potato
soup condensed canned cream of shrimp
murray chocolate creme sandwich cookies
fish dry heat cooked florida pompano
kellogg's cinnamon toast waffles eggo
pancakes incomplete dry mix buckwheat
girl scouts thank u berry munch cookies
gravy classic chicken heinz home style
cereals ready-to-eat kashi good friends
oil fully hydrogenated soy industrial
cowpeas (blackeyes) raw immature seeds
egg rolls heated refrigerated chicken
beef raw inside imported new zealand
candies chocolate-flavor roll caramels
taro with salt steamed cooked leaves
veal raw separable lean and fat shank
spaghetti with meat sauce frozen entree
whale raw (alaska native) meat beluga
snacks chocolate chip crisped rice bar
sunshine reduced fat crackers cheez-it
beverages classic malt powder ovaltine
kale with salt drained boiled cooked
lamb raw testes imported new zealand
beans raw mature seeds great northern
cherries unsweetened frozen red sour
nuts unblanched honey roasted almonds
lamb raw brains imported new zealand
cereals ready-to-eat golden crisp post
archway home style cookies iced oatmeal
papa john's 14" cheese pizza thin crust
kashi frozen entree tuscan veggie bake
peanut butter without salt chunk style
babyfood junior with egg yolks cereal
beverages sugar free amp energy drink
salad dressing regular ranch dressing
beverages no pulp light orange juice
fast foods with egg and bacon biscuit
cereals ready-to-eat homemade granola
yachtwurst cooked with pistachio nuts
archway home style cookies dutch cocoa
alcoholic beverage canned pina colada
sausage hot beef with chicken polish
soup dry chicken flavor ramen noodle
bread prepared from recipe irish soda
strawberries sliced sweetened frozen
olive garden spaghetti with meat sauce
worthington leanies unprepared frozen
turkey from whole raw meat only neck
turkey sticks fried battered breaded
sunshine baby swiss crackers cheez-it
potatoes baked flesh and skin russet
soup condensed canned bean with pork
fish dry heat cooked striped mullet
cookies chocolate-covered sugar wafer
soup lower sodium beef broth swanson
pickles reduced sodium dill cucumber
potato chips reduced fat without salt
beverages light cranberry ocean spray
milk with added vitamin d fluid goat
mcdonald's newman's own ranch dressing
soup condensed canned cream of onion
cake prepared from recipe gingerbread
murray fudge dipped wafers sugar free
kellogg's original pancakes cinnabon
kashi frozen entree red curry chicken
cookies prepared from recipe brownies
sunshine mozzarella crackers cheez-it
pie prepared from recipe banana cream
kashi oatmeal raisin flax cookies tlc
babyfood toddler beef lasagna dinner
veal raw separable lean only sirloin
cookies with frosting or icing animal
kashi unprepared 7 whole grain pilaf
lamb raw liver imported new zealand
noodles cooked enriched spinach egg
ice cream chocolate soft serve light
pie crust baked regular refrigerated
babyfood strained beef noodle dinner
candies prepared-from-recipe divinity
lima beans canned mature seeds large
babyfood dry fortified barley cereal
fish new york state raw brook trout
sea lion meat (alaska native) steller
beverages strawberry fast food shake
fish dry heat cooked sockeye salmon
avocados all commercial varieties raw
loma linda linketts unprepared canned
candies sweet chocolate coated fondant
pie commercially prepared egg custard
worthington fripats unprepared frozen
owl raw (alaska native) flesh horned
mcdonald's quarter pounder with cheese
fish dry heat cooked chinook salmon
peas unprepared frozen edible-podded
mung beans raw sprouted mature seeds
cheesefurter beef pork cheese smokie
healthy request condensed tomato soup
candies prepared-from-recipe truffles
beverages chamomile brewed herb tea
mother's old fashioned oatmeal cookies
goose raw meat and skin domesticated
soybeans salted roasted mature seeds
babyfood strained tutti frutti fruit
frankfurter unheated meat and poultry
game meat stewed cooked wild rabbit
soup canned low sodium chicken broth
babyfood toddler chicken stew dinner
soup condensed canned chicken noodle
squash boiled (navajo) cooked indian
butter replacement powder without fat
oil (approx. 65%) linoleic sunflower
restaurant sirloin steak family style
pie commercially prepared dutch apple
murray vanilla sugar wafer sugar free
fish raw (alaska native) chum salmon
chicken skin bbq rotisserie broiler
mother's holiday circus animal cookies
mother's peanut butter gauchos cookies
babyfood canned no sugar grape juice
cake sponge creme-filled snack cakes
babyfood strained carrots vegetables
soup condensed canned vegetable beef
jackson's old fashioned vanilla wafers
veal raw separable lean and fat loin
mayonnaise with olive oil reduced fat
candies yogurt confectioner's coating
blackberries raw (alaska native) wild
mcdonald's mcflurry with m&m's candies
rolls mixed-grain hamburger or hotdog
lamb raw heart imported new zealand
schar classic white rolls gluten-free
taco bell burrito supreme with chicken
vitasoy usa organic nasoya silken tofu
cheese food swiss pasteurized process
cabbage pickled fresh japanese style
seeds partially defatted sesame flour
yogurt dannon oikos strawberry greek
yogurt chobani vanilla nonfat greek
beverages tropical v8 v-fusion juices
gravy microwavable turkey campbell's
formulated bar south beach protein bar
mother's english tea sandwich cookies
fast foods biscuit with egg and steak
candies prepared-from-recipe fondant
mollusks raw farmed eastern oyster
keebler rainbow vanilla wafers minis
crackers regular standard snack-type
pork microwaved cooked bacon cured
sausage smoked pork and beef polish
sausage mild breakfast links turkey
fish dry heat cooked king mackerel
candies milk chocolate coated raisins
candies milk chocolate coated peanuts
grapefruit florida pink and red raw
pizza hut parmesan garlic breadstick
mori-nu lite extra firm silken tofu
frankfurter low fat meat and poultry
cookies sugar free dry mix brownies
beverages fortified acai berry drink
beverages whey protein powder isolate
candies starch jelly pieces gumdrops
alcoholic beverage dry dessert wine
salad dressing regular green goddess
wendy's without cheese jr. hamburger
nuts sweetened canned coconut cream
potatoes baked flesh and skin white
mcdonald's mcflurry with oreo cookies
babyfood junior dutch apple dessert
fast foods plain roast beef sandwich
beverages regular brewed green tea
grapes raw american type (slip skin)
cracker barrel thick-cut onion rings
duck raw meat and skin domesticated
frostings prepared-from-recipe glaze
babyfood strained mixed fruit yogurt
snacks salted fat free potato chips
popcorn fat-free sugar syrup/caramel
cake commercially prepared fruitcake
kellogg's caramel pancakes cinnabon
mcdonald's bacon egg & cheese biscuit
pizza hut 14" sausage pizza pan crust
veal raw separable lean and fat rib
candies prepared-from-recipe praline
babyfood strained squash vegetables
dip medium salsa con queso tostitos
fish oil fully hydrogenated menhaden
snacks chopped and formed beef jerky
tomato and vegetable juice low sodium
keebler minis original crackers club
game meat roasted cooked wild boar
soup condensed canned tomato bisque
cake commercially prepared angelfood
fish dry heat cooked rainbow smelt
desserts unsweetened tablets rennin
tortillas corn ready-to-bake or -fry
toaster pastries brown-sugar-cinnamon
beans raw mature seeds black turtle
cereals ready-to-eat alpha-bits post
babyfood dry fortified mixed cereal
fish dried (alaska native) whitefish
tomatoes with salt cooked ripe red
cereals ready-to-eat post bran flakes
keebler original crackers town house
biscuits dry mix plain or buttermilk
alcoholic beverage all regular beer
blueberries raw (alaska native) wild
fish dry heat cooked orange roughy
babyfood beef with vegetables dinner
pineapple drained juice pack canned
apricots drained heavy syrup canned
chicken with broth meat only canned
tofu prepared with nigari extra firm
cream puff shell prepared from recipe
peanut butter with salt smooth style
fish dry heat cooked american shad
popcorn low fat and sodium microwave
braunschweiger (a liver sausage) pork
restaurant chicken chow mein chinese
vanilla extract no alcohol imitation
babyfood junior chicken sticks meat
pickles dill or kosher dill cucumber
strawberries whole sweetened frozen
restaurant lasagna with meat italian
jellies home preserved reduced sugar
snacks air-popped (unsalted) popcorn
mcdonald's newman's own cobb dressing
milk with added vitamin d whole dry
soup condensed canned chicken gumbo
soup condensed canned chicken broth
chilchen (red berry beverage) (navajo)
burger king original chicken sandwich
burger king no cheese double whopper
murray shortbread cookies sugar free
babyfood junior peach melba dessert
milk reduced sugar lowfat chocolate
taco shells without added salt baked
murray vanilla creme sandwich cookies
restaurant french fries family style
pasta cooked made with egg homemade
fish dry heat cooked northern pike
kellogg's french toast waffles eggo
cornmeal yellow unenriched degermed
restaurant cheese quesadilla mexican
alcoholic beverage white table wine
spaghettios spaghettios in meat sauce
snacks plain rice cracker brown rice
andrea's gluten free soft dinner roll
nuts peeled raw european chestnuts
beef raw brisket corned beef cured
sauerkraut solids and liquids canned
salad dressing light mayonnaise-type
salad dressing regular honey mustard
beverages mixed berry zero powerade
egg rolls prepared frozen vegetable
baking chocolate squares unsweetened
keebler coconut cookies chips deluxe
beans liquid from stewed kidney beans
fish whole (alaska native) blackfish
strawberry-flavor beverage mix powder
sweeteners liquid fructose tabletop
sauce tabasco pepper ready-to-serve
frozen novelties fruit and juice bars
sourdock young leaves (alaska native)
sweet potato puffs unprepared frozen
austin sandwich-type pb & j crackers
mushrooms with salt cooked shiitake
soup condensed canned beef mushroom
fish smoked mixed species whitefish
soup chinese restaurant hot and sour
oranges all commercial varieties raw
keikitos (muffins) latino bakery item
cereals ready-to-eat ralston tasteeos
cake dry mix chocolate pudding-type
ice creams soft-serve french vanilla
ice creams soft-serve light vanilla
seeds partially defatted sesame meal
gravy country style cream campbell's
pasta mix unprepared italian lasagna
beverages kiwi strawberry juice drink
beverages full throttle energy drink
snacks wasabi-flavored roasted peas
sea lion fat (alaska native) steller
pepperidge farm cinnamon swirl bread
english muffins toasted whole-wheat
willow leaves in oil (alaska native)
fast foods with egg and ham biscuit
worthington chili unprepared canned
broccoli unprepared chopped frozen
vitasoy usa organic nasoya soft tofu
beef raw separable fat retail cuts
tortilla chips salted plain yellow
cookies chocolate wafer gluten-free
pineapple traditional varieties raw
apples with skin red delicious raw
peas raw mature seeds split green
babyfood junior beef noodle dinner
beans raw mature seeds small white
beerwurst pork and beef beer salami
rhubarb leaves (alaska native) wild
beverages caffeine free cola zevia
fish dry heat cooked walleye pike
usda commodity smooth peanut butter
fish dried and salted atlantic cod
fish dry heat cooked atlantic cod
fish granular black and red caviar
beverages cran lemonade ocean spray
snacks unsalted plain potato chips
keebler export sodas crackers zesta
babyfood strained banana no tapioca
usda commodity canned luncheon meat
restaurant kung pao chicken chinese
potatoes raw flesh and skin russet
cauliflower with salt cooked green
waterchestnuts raw (matai) chinese
vegetables unprepared frozen mixed
ascidians (tunughnak) (alaska native)
potatoes unprepared frozen o'brien
ground turkey raw 15% fat 85% lean
seeds dried watermelon seed kernels
candies reese's nutrageous candy bar
puddings instant dry mix chocolate
puddings regular dry mix chocolate
snacks barbecue-flavor potato chips
snacks salted plain hard pretzels
gourd raw white-flowered (calabash)
cereals dry instant cream of wheat
pie commercially prepared blueberry
babyfood junior carrots vegetables
veal raw separable lean only shank
sauce original bull's-eye barbecue
sauce ready-to-serve sweet and sour
pork raw 84% lean / 16% fat ground
murray duplex creme sandwich cookies
candies kit kat big kat bar hershey
spanish rice mix unprepared dry mix
fish smoked mixed species sturgeon
waffles ready-to-heat frozen plain
gravy microwavable beef campbell's
snacks salted yucca (cassava) chips
candies prepared-from-recipe toffee
collards unprepared chopped frozen
cornmeal white unenriched degermed
soup ready to serve vegetable broth
lemonade prepared with water powder
peaches drained heavy syrup canned
restaurant onion rings family style
frostings dry mix creamy chocolate
beans raw mature seeds red kidney
moose braised (alaska native) liver
apples unheated unsweetened frozen
oil sunflower mid-oleic industrial
fish dry heat cooked striped bass
mouse nuts seedlings (alaska native)
fast foods breaded and fried shrimp
peanut butter with salt chunk style
fish dry heat cooked white sucker
candies with almonds milk chocolate
babyfood junior turkey sticks meat
chocolate 45- 59% cacao solids dark
babyfood junior tutti frutti fruit
beef pot pie prepared frozen entree
cracker barrel grilled sirloin steak
pizza hut 12" cheese pizza pan crust
bamboo shoots drained solids canned
balsam-pear (bitter gourd) raw pods
murray chocolatey chip thins cookies
fish eggs (alaska native) whitefish
beverages ready to drink black tea
babyfood orange and pineapple juice
nuts blanched hazelnuts or filberts
restaurant hash browns family style
new england brand sausage beef pork
pancakes prepared from recipe plain
mcdonald's sausage mcmuffin with egg
spaghettios spaghettios plus calcium
usda commodity frozen potato wedges
babyfood strained beets vegetables
babyfood toddler dices green beans
restaurant cheese enchilada mexican
beef cooked breakfast strips cured
fish meat (alaska native) devilfish
egg rolls heated refrigerated pork
mcdonald's tangy honey mustard sauce
baking chocolate liquid unsweetened
babyfood strained applesauce fruit
mollusks raw mixed species scallop
soybeans raw sprouted mature seeds
turkey raw meat and skin dark meat
mollusks raw mixed species abalone
macaroni cooked enriched vegetable
sunshine original crackers cheez-it
custard-apple raw (bullock's-heart)
kashi original 7-grain crackers tlc
potatoes with salt skin only baked
taco bell burrito supreme with steak
vitasoy usa organic nasoya firm tofu
gravy ready-to-serve canned turkey
pizza hut 14" cheese pizza pan crust
snacks nutri-grain fruit and nut bar
bananas or banana powder dehydrated
soup powder dry cream of vegetable
babyfood strained with eggs cereal
babyfood dry fortified rice cereal
silk vanilla soy yogurt (family size)
snack hard chocolate coated pretzel
frozen yogurts soft-serve chocolate
tomato juice with salt added canned
tamales masa and pork filling (hopi)
beverages protein powder whey based
broccoli unprepared spears frozen
vitasoy usa nasoya lite silken tofu
vitasoy usa azumaya extra firm tofu
taro without salt cooked tahitian
bread whole wheat french or vienna
water naya non-carbonated bottled
fast foods french toast with butter
soup dry chicken broth or bouillon
apples with skin granny smith raw
soup restaurant-prepared shark fin
soup dry beef flavor ramen noodle
gravy savory beef heinz home style
babyfood with calcium apple juice
arby's classic roast beef sandwich
mcdonald's crispy ranch snack wrap
maraschino cherries drained canned
muffins commercially prepared corn
pork sausage cooked reduced sodium
cornmeal yellow enriched degermed
bear naked double chocolate cookies
soup with water low sodium tomato
taco bell burrito supreme with beef
murray shortbread bites sugar free
wendy's with cheese classic double
potatoes raw flesh and skin white
potatoes baked flesh and skin red
applebee's 9 oz house sirloin steak
soup condensed canned beef noodle
pork sausage unprepared link/patty
pork and beef sausage cooked fresh
danish pastry unenriched raspberry
potatoes solids and liquids canned
babyfood baby mum mum rice biscuits
snacks unsalted regular trail mix
ground turkey raw 7% fat 93% lean
soup condensed canned oyster stew
kellogg's blueberry pancakes eggo
mcdonald's sausage biscuit with egg
soup condensed canned tomato rice
kellogg's strawberry waffles eggo
kashi zesty salsa pita crisps tlc
babyfood strained peas vegetables
mollusks raw wild eastern oyster
alcoholic beverage red table wine
beef smoked cooked sausage cured
fast foods miniature cinnamon rolls
caribou raw (alaska native) tongue
beverages diet lemon instant tea
snacks corn brown rice rice cakes
lean pockets meatballs & mozzarella
chili with beans microwavable bowls
frozen novelties orange juice type
babyfood junior squash vegetables
cheese cheddar or colby low-sodium
pork raw 96% lean / 4% fat ground
keebler dash of salt crackers club
murray lemon creme sandwich cookies
noodles dry enriched spinach egg
veal raw separable fat australian
pineapple sweetened chunks frozen
sauce ready-to-serve canned pizza
chocolate 70-85% cacao solids dark
seeds dried safflower seed kernels
waffles prepared from recipe plain
ostrich pan-broiled cooked ground
gravy fat free chicken campbell's
candies prepared-from-recipe taffy
pace jalapenos nacho sliced peppers
cream substitute powdered flavored
lima beans raw mature seeds large
artificial blueberry muffin mix dry
beverages canned grape juice drink
cheese with fruit creamed cottage
formulated bar chocolate power bar
snacks unsalted sweet potato chips
alcoholic beverage canned daiquiri
turnip greens no salt added canned
chicken raw meat and skin stewing
babyfood toddler beef stew dinner
snacks mixed flavors granola bites
campbell's low sodium tomato juice
beverages bottled whiskey sour mix
fish dry heat cooked chum salmon
fish dry heat cooked pink salmon
babyfood strained carrots and beef
gravy brown with onions campbell's
cereals cooked with water wheatena
chocolate 60-69% cacao solids dark
cookies refrigerated dough oatmeal
game meat roasted cooked squirrel
fish liver (alaska native) lingcod
campbell's homestyle minestrone soup
brussels sprouts unprepared frozen
alcoholic beverage all table wine
potatoes without salt flesh baked
wheat flour soft wheat whole-grain
kellogg's buttermilk waffles eggo
fast foods with chicken quesadilla
snacks nacho cheese tortilla chips
snacks ranch-flavor tortilla chips
veal raw separable lean only loin
desserts dry mix chocolate rennin
frostings ready-to-eat coconut-nut
cereals dry chocolate malt-o-meal
fiddlehead ferns unprepared frozen
guava nectar canned with sucralose
egg pasteurized frozen raw whole
egg pasteurized frozen raw white
beverages regular cola carbonated
sauce pepper or hot ready-to-serve
game meat roasted cooked antelope
soup homemade (alaska native) fish
kashi country cheddar crackers tlc
sauce prepared from recipe sofrito
fish raw mixed species yellowtail
cheese nonfat or fat free american
candies almond joy bites hershey's
candies symphony milk chocolate bar
cheese pimento pasteurized process
seeds dried sunflower seed kernels
archway home style cookies molasses
papaya drained heavy syrup canned
snacks lightly salted potato chips
french toast ready-to-heat frozen
beverages sugar free energy drink
beverages protein powder soy based
veal cooked separable fat breast
snacks low fat microwave popcorn
lemonade white frozen concentrate
snacks salted soy chips or crisps
swamp cabbage raw (skunk cabbage)
restaurant black bean soup latino
babyfood strained apples with ham
snacks rye brown rice rice cakes
oil bowhead (alaska native) whale
oil low linolenic soy industrial
oil high oleic canola industrial
fish dry heat cooked ocean pout
murray oatmeal cookies sugar free
ham low sodium extra lean smoked
babyfood junior meat sticks meat
frozen yogurts soft-serve vanilla
pork and turkey sausage pre-cooked
wendy's with cheese jr. hamburger
turkey deli cut rotisserie white
candies special dark chocolate bar
sunshine asiago crackers cheez-it
peppers freeze-dried green sweet
mcdonald's fruit 'n yogurt parfait
soup condensed canned black bean
pepperidge farm pumpernickel bread
stew squash (navajo) corn mutton
stew dumpling with mutton (navajo)
danish pastry unenriched cinnamon
potatoes home-prepared hash brown
applebee's chicken tenders platter
chicken raw meat and skin capons
soup condensed canned chili beef
cake commercially prepared sponge
beverages cran cherry ocean spray
potatoes prepared frozen o'brien
soup condensed canned green pea
soup condensed canned minestrone
cake dry mix marble pudding-type
kellogg's blueberry waffles eggo
potatoes unprepared whole frozen
cookies regular dry mix brownies
famous amos chocolate chip cookies
beef jellied luncheon meat cured
veal raw separable lean only rib
caribou raw (alaska native) liver
snacks taco-flavor tortilla chips
mustard spinach raw (tendergreen)
salad dressing regular mayonnaise
crustaceans raw northern lobster
keebler reduced fat crackers club
sauce original open pit barbecue
cornmeal white enriched degermed
pie commercially prepared pumpkin
snacks salted plain potato chips
soup home-prepared chicken stock
dessert topping frozen semi solid
milk 3.7% milkfat fluid producer
game meat roasted cooked opossum
game meat roasted cooked muskrat
cheese nonfat or fat free cheddar
tangerines raw (mandarin oranges)
gravy fat free turkey campbell's
soup dry any flavor ramen noodle
cheese reduced fat blend mexican
cheese imitation american cheddar
gravy ready-to-serve canned beef
pickles low sodium sour cucumber
fish raw (alaska native) sheefish
ice cream cones cake or wafer-type
ice cream cones rolled-type sugar
beverages cranberry juice cocktail
apricots uncooked sulfured dried
pears drained heavy syrup canned
plums drained heavy syrup canned
cheese 1% milkfat lowfat cottage
cheese 2% milkfat lowfat cottage
babyfood apple-sweet potato juice
tomatoes stewed canned ripe red
frostings dry mix creamy vanilla
apples heated unsweetened frozen
fish raw farmed atlantic salmon
fish raw farmed channel catfish
keebler fudge sticks fudge shoppe
corn flour white unenriched masa
bread crumbs seasoned grated dry
beverages powder whiskey sour mix
pineapple extra sweet variety raw
restaurant orange chicken chinese
cookies higher fat vanilla wafers
beverages chicory instant coffee
candies soft fruit and nut squares
soup ready-to-serve chicken broth
vanilla extract alcohol imitation
peas and onions unprepared frozen
rhubarb with sugar cooked frozen
goose raw meat only domesticated
tomatoes stewed cooked ripe red
soybeans dry roasted mature seeds
wheat flour enriched bread white
game meat roasted cooked raccoon
seasoning mix original chili dry
squab raw meat and skin (pigeon)
salad dressing low calorie caesar
fish prepared frozen fish sticks
potatoes without salt skin baked
tomato sauce no salt added canned
cake dry mix yellow pudding-type
babyfood orange and apricot juice
pork unheated patties ham cured
candies reese's peanut butter cups
snacks barbecue-flavor pork skins
snacks very low sodium corn cakes
kellogg's homestyle waffles eggo
snacks cheese-flavor potato chips
restaurant cheese tamales mexican
kashi happy trail mix cookies tlc
hyacinth-beans raw immature seeds
keebler minis multigrain crackers club
veggie burgers or soyburgers unprepared
snacks peanut butter hard granola bars
cheese reduced fat dry grated parmesan
rice unenriched raw short-grain white
crustaceans canned mixed species shrimp
peanuts with salt dry-roasted all types
kashi oatmeal dark chocolate cookies tlc
beverages eas whey protein powder abbott
glutino lemon flavored gluten free wafers
kashi fire roasted vegetable crackers tlc
beans cooked ranch style barbecue chili
kashi pizza unprepared frozen margherita
turkey from whole raw meat only dark meat
cookies vanilla sandwich with creme filling
mcdonald's egg & cheese mcgriddles sausage
cereals ready-to-eat coco-roos malt-o-meal
usda commodity reduced fat cheddar cheese
carbonated beverage chocolate-flavored soda
alcoholic beverage merlot red table wine
ham regular (approximately 11% fat) sliced
alcoholic beverage hard lemonade malt beer
alcoholic beverage 80 proof rum distilled
sunshine white cheddar snack mix cheez-it
rice unenriched cooked short-grain white
turkey simmered cooked all classes liver
turkey simmered cooked all classes heart
sweet potato home-prepared candied cooked
shortening fractionated palm confectionery
chicken raw meat only dark meat roasting
chicken simmered cooked giblets roasting
applebee's from kids' menu chicken tenders
vegetable juice cocktail canned low sodium
cereals ready-to-eat basic 4 general mills
cranberry juice cocktail frozen concentrate
fast foods with tartar sauce fish sandwich
murray pecan shortbread cookies sugar free
sausage pork beef chicken canned vienna
keebler butter flavored cookies e.l. fudge
spaghettios mini beef ravioli in meat sauce
kellogg's low fat homestyle waffles eggo
egg pasteurized sugared frozen raw yolk
soup prepared with water cubed beef broth
kashi three cheese penne unprepared frozen
soup ready-to-serve canned chunky turkey
purslane with salt drained boiled cooked
cranberries raw (alaska native) bush wild
spaghettios easy open spaghettios original
turkey raw meat and skin leg all classes
candies chocolate-flavor roll tootsie roll
babyfood junior sweet potatoes vegetables
salad dressing reduced fat french dressing
vegetable smoothie kale blazer naked juice
cereals ready-to-eat kellogg's krave smores
kashi mayan harvest bake unprepared frozen
kashi frozen entree chicken pasta pomodoro
frozen yogurts flavors other than chocolate
eggplant with salt drained boiled cooked
snacks white corn unsalted tortilla chips
parsnips with salt drained boiled cooked
spinach unprepared chopped or leaf frozen
kashi frozen entree sweet and sour chicken
figs solids and liquids water pack canned
beverages powder no sugar added cocoa mix
fish dry heat cooked mixed species trout
cinnamon buns frosted (includes honey buns)
frostings ready-to-eat cream cheese-flavor
game meat pan-broiled cooked ground deer
leavening agents compressed baker's yeast
pepperidge farm jewish rye bread (seedless)
bread stuffing prepared dry mix cornbread
wonton wrappers (includes egg roll wrappers)
broccoli with salt drained boiled cooked
turkey raw meat only back from whole bird
cake dry mix enriched white pudding-type
campbell's spicy hot v8 v8 vegetable juice
kellogg's cheddar cracker chips special k
celeriac with salt drained boiled cooked
collards with salt drained boiled cooked
beverages as served in restaurant horchata
rice mix unprepared dry mix cheese flavor
kraft stove top stuffing mix chicken flavor
fish moist heat cooked wild coho salmon
ice creams vanilla no sugar added breyers
babyfood junior apple and blueberry fruit
snacks raisin uncoated soft granola bars
alcoholic beverage budweiser regular beer
worthington dinner roast unprepared frozen
fish dry heat cooked farmed coho salmon
biscuits baked frozen plain or buttermilk
cake fat-free commercially prepared pound
fruit cocktail drained heavy syrup canned
leavening agents active dry baker's yeast
wendy's no cheese classic single hamburger
campbell's homestyle butternut squash bisque
beverages sweetened mocha instant coffee
beverages diet cranberry juice ocean spray
alcoholic beverage 90 proof gin distilled
cereals dry whole wheat hot natural cereal
squash without salt baked hubbard winter
bread french or vienna (includes sourdough)
cookies prepared from recipe peanut butter
cracker barrel country fried shrimp platter
rice uncooked enriched short-grain white
rice uncooked unenriched glutinous white
gravy prepared low sodium meat or poultry
pancakes ready-to-heat frozen gluten-free
fish dry heat cooked wild rainbow trout
beverages decaffeinated brewed green tea
gums seed gums (includes locust bean guar)
snacks unsalted wheat-based sesame sticks
popeyes analyzed 2006 spicy chicken strips
syrups with 2% maple pancake table blends
fish drained solids canned jack mackerel
babyfood orange and apple and banana juice
candies 3 musketeers bar mars snackfood us
mother's old fashioned iced oatmeal cookies
chicken raw meat only light meat stewing
soup condensed canned split with ham pea
fish dry heat cooked mixed species perch
pancakes prepared complete dry mix plain
babyfood junior pears and pineapple fruit
babyfood junior apple and raspberry fruit
alcoholic beverage claret red table wine
beef raw sweetbread imported new zealand
udi's whole grain dinner rolls gluten free
prickly pears raw (northern plains indians)
nuts boiled and steamed chinese chestnuts
turkey seasoned light and dark meat diced
beverages powder carob-flavor beverage mix
lambsquarters raw (northern plains indians)
egg custards prepared with 2% milk dry mix
beverages powder unsweetened instant tea
seeds low fat (glandless) cottonseed flour
squash raw includes skin zucchini summer
ice creams no sugar added light chocolate
kellogg's blueberry mini muffin tops eggo
kellogg's original 3-bean chips beanatural
kohlrabi with salt drained boiled cooked
lamb raw sweetbread imported new zealand
salad dressing vinegar and oil home recipe
egg pasteurized salted frozen raw whole
pastry pastelitos de guava (guava pastries)
fish dry heat cooked bluefin fresh tuna
archway home style cookies raspberry filled
cheese spread american pasteurized process
candies m&m mars 3 musketeers truffle crisp
yogurt dannon oikos vanilla nonfat greek
vegetable oil-butter spread reduced calorie
papa john's 14" cheese pizza original crust
peanuts without salt oil-roasted valencia
peanuts without salt oil-roasted virginia
babyfood dry with bananas oatmeal cereal
cheese low moisture whole milk mozzarella
campbell's condensed cream of chicken soup
mother's 4th of july circus animal cookies
game meat pan-broiled cooked ground elk
chicken raw skin only broilers or fryers
chicken raw meat only broilers or fryers
beverages no sugar added chocolate powder
worthington super links unprepared canned
babyfood banana with orange medley gerber
turkey raw meat only thigh retail parts
pie commercially prepared coconut custard
worthington wham (roll) unprepared frozen
cherries drained water pack canned sour
ice creams 98% fat free chocolate breyers
salad dressing kraft mayo light mayonnaise
prunes uncooked dehydrated (low-moisture)
fish liver (alaska native) northern pike
alcoholic beverage canned tequila sunrise
babyfood mix vegetables junior vegetables
sesbania flower with salt steamed cooked
fish sweet recipe commercial gefiltefish
roast beef sliced prepackaged deli style
denny's from kid's menu macaroni & cheese
beverages powder regular instant coffee
plantains latino restaurant fried yellow
soup prepared with water mix dry tomato
candies hershey's golden almond solitaires
soup condensed canned cream of asparagus
pork sausage pan-fried cooked link/patty
campbell's condensed cream of potato soup
dock without salt drained boiled cooked
beef canned with potato corned beef hash
chicken raw meat only dark meat stewing
fish raw mixed species pacific rockfish
nuts with salt added dry roasted walnuts
keebler double stuffed cookies e.l. fudge
babyfood strained turkey and rice dinner
olive garden spaghetti with pomodoro sauce
beverage not chocolate dry milkshake mix
kale without salt drained boiled cooked
cranberry sauce ocean spray canned whole
puddings fat free ready-to-eat chocolate
desserts prepared-from-recipe apple crisp
kellogg buttermilk pancake kellogg's eggo
spaghettios spaghettios with sliced franks
nuts with salt added oil roasted almonds
nuts with salt added dry roasted almonds
girl scouts caramel dulce de leche cookies
babyfood junior creamed corn vegetables
pumpkin with salt drained boiled cooked
olives canned (jumbo-super colossal) ripe
keebler chocolate chip cookies soft batch
keebler simply shortbread cookies sandies
alcoholic beverage gamay red table wine
babyfood strained corn and sweet potatoes
okra without salt drained boiled cooked
keebler cheese & cheddar sandwich crackers
egg pasteurized salted frozen raw yolk
crustaceans moist heat cooked blue crab
campbell's chunky new england clam chowder
candies milk chocolate coated coffee beans
sauce original sweet baby ray's barbecue
popeyes analyzed 2006 mild chicken strips
beverages diet ready-to-drink green tea
pepperidge farm whole grain 15 grain bread
leavening agents low-sodium baking powder
beans raw mature seeds royal red kidney
naranjilla (lulo) pulp unsweetened frozen
snacks plain uncoated soft granola bars
beans raw mature seeds cranberry (roman)
raspberries wild (northern plains indians)
beverages fast-food cola cola carbonated
tomato products with onions sauce canned
sauce prepared-from-recipe sweet and sour
loma linda little links unprepared canned
salmon total can contents canned sockeye
turnips with salt drained boiled cooked
tomatoes drained packed in oil sun-dried
pie commercially prepared chocolate creme
salad dressing reduced fat ranch dressing
keebler cashew shortbread cookies sandies
kraft breakstone's free fat free sour cream
babyfood strained bananas and rice plums
wheat flour unenriched all-purpose white
keebler bite-size cinnamon grahams gripz
restaurant sweet and sour chicken chinese
restaurant chicken and vegetables chinese
margarine-like spread benecol light spread
healthy request condensed minestrone soup
peas and onions solids and liquids canned
babyfood strained mixed vegetable dinner
wendy's single dave's hot 'n juicy 1/4 lb
babyfood strained banana pudding dessert
fish raw mixed species fresh water bass
cookies baked refrigerated dough oatmeal
cracker barrel farm raised catfish platter
rice cooked enriched medium-grain white
beverages diet lemon ready-to-drink tea
nuts with salt added plain almond butter
candies mars almond bar mars snackfood us
waffles ready-to-heat frozen gluten-free
cookies refrigerated dough chocolate chip
beverages peach mango v8 splash smoothies
sweeteners powder dry fructose tabletop
balsam-pear (bitter gourd) raw leafy tips
sausage pork and beef smoked link sausage
babyfood mango with tapioca fruit dessert
candies m&m mars pretzel chocolate candies
chicken stewed cooked meat only stewing
chicken simmered cooked giblets stewing
mcdonald's big mac (without big mac sauce)
murray butter cookies cookie jar classics
kellogg's homestyle waffles eggo protein
babyfood strained green beans vegetables
alcoholic beverage syrah red table wine
snacks sesame seed brown rice rice cakes
spinach with salt drained boiled cooked
salsify with salt drained boiled cooked
fireweed raw (alaska native) young leaves
sauce ready to serve mild red enchilada
mayonnaise low calorie or diet low sodium
pasta without added salt enriched cooked
candies not chocolate covered coconut bar
whale raw (alaska native) flipper beluga
beverages unsweetened lemon instant tea
famous amos vanilla sandwich creme cookies
cheese low fat swiss pasteurized process
candies dark chocolate coated coffee beans
rolls reduced-calorie hamburger or hotdog
beans raw mature seeds all types kidney
beans canned mature seeds great northern
vitasoy usa organic nasoya extra firm tofu
yokan prepared from adzuki beans and sugar
cheese part-skim low moisture mozzarella
nuts with salt added plain cashew butter
little caesars 14" cheese pizza thin crust
glutino vanilla creme gluten free cookies
glutino milk chocolate gluten free wafers
shortening composite household vegetable
kellogg's buttermilk pancakes eggo minis
peanuts without salt oil-roasted spanish
cardoon with salt drained boiled cooked
carrots with salt drained boiled cooked
cereals ready-to-eat ralston corn biscuits
gravy slow roast chicken franco-american
hazelnuts beaked (northern plains indians)
kellogg's savory herb crackers special k
salad dressing fat-free italian dressing
worthington diced chik unprepared canned
fish drained solids canned pink salmon
cereals ready-to-eat fruity pebbles post
nuts with salt added dry roasted pecans
cereals ready-to-eat king vitaman quaker
turkey raw meat only wing retail parts
vitasoy usa organic nasoya tofu plus firm
taro leaves without salt steamed cooked
wheat flour enriched tortilla mix white
ice cream chocolate covered bar or stick
babyfood banana juice with low fat yogurt
fish dry heat cooked wild coho salmon
broadbeans (fava beans) raw mature seeds
keebler vienna fingers with creme filling
keebler iced lemonade cookies traditions
chicken reheated breaded frozen thighs
borage with salt drained boiled cooked
peanuts with salt oil-roasted all types
nuts with salt added oil roasted pecans
fish dry heat cooked atlantic wolffish
fish dry heat cooked greenland halibut
beef raw 90% lean meat / 10% fat ground
beef raw 85% lean meat / 15% fat ground
beans solids and liquids canned shellie
babyfood strained chicken noodle dinner
cookies chocolate-coated graham crackers
deer (venison) raw (alaska native) sitka
crackers without salt plain melba toast
nuts lightly salted oil roasted almonds
fish dry heat cooked mixed species roe
babyfood with calcium fruit punch juice
mcdonald's southern style chicken biscuit
keebler shortbread pie crust ready crust
babyfood strained green beans and turkey
babyfood instant dry brown rice cereal
rice unenriched raw medium-grain white
pasta cooked spinach fresh-refrigerated
restaurant general tso's chicken chinese
chicken raw meat only cornish game hens
wendy's homestyle chicken fillet sandwich
nuts coconut water (liquid from coconuts)
soup prepared with water mix dry onion
babyfood strained peach cobbler dessert
bread toasted (includes gluten) protein
rice uncle bens cooked parboiled brown
soymilk unfortified original and vanilla
oscar mayer chicken breast (honey glazed)
pepperidge farm farmhouse sourdough bread
breakfast bar corn flake crust with fruit
snacks salted wheat-based sesame sticks
cereals ready-to-eat kashi honey sunshine
snacks chocolate chip hard granola bars
chicken simmered cooked giblets capons
soup condensed canned chicken vegetable
soup condensed canned chicken with rice
tortilla chips baked without fat low fat
beef raw 70% lean meat / 30% fat ground
pie commercially prepared lemon meringue
soup condensed canned cream of mushroom
campbell's low sodium soups chicken broth
cereals ready-to-eat kashi golean crunch!
mollusks moist heat cooked blue mussel
archway home style cookies oatmeal raisin
pancakes incomplete dry mix whole wheat
chiton gumboots (alaska native) leathery
yogurt chobani strawberry nonfat greek
fast foods sausage griddle cake sandwich
veal raw separable lean and fat sirloin
whale dried (alaska native) meat beluga
beverages chocolate malt powder ovaltine
snacks multigrain brown rice rice cakes
mcdonald's egg & cheese mcgriddles bacon
snacks plain cones extruded corn-based
snacks onion-flavor extruded corn-based
snacks plain chips extruded corn-based
murray old fashioned iced oatmeal cookies
noodles chinese restaurant crunchy flat
onions with salt drained boiled cooked
game meat raw separable lean only bison
game meat raw composite of cuts beefalo
seeds without salt sunflower seed butter
keebler mini fudge stripes fudge shoppe
potatoes with salt flesh and skin baked
beef raw 75% lean meat / 25% fat ground
cream pressurized cream topping whipped
campbell's homestyle vegetable medley soup
pasta with added salt unenriched cooked
celery with salt drained boiled cooked
babyfood dry with bananas mixed cereal
dumpling frozen potato- or cheese-filled
egg substitute fat free liquid or frozen
beverages ruby red cranberry ocean spray
fast foods with egg and cheese croissant
loma linda vege-burger unprepared canned
loma linda redi-burger unprepared canned
loma linda tender bits unprepared canned
fast foods with beans and cheese burrito
alcoholic beverage bud light light beer
worthington veja-links unprepared canned
worthington chic-ketts unprepared frozen
beef raw 80% lean meat / 20% fat ground
sweet potato without skin boiled cooked
keebler pecan shortbread cookies sandies
oil bearded seal (oogruk) (alaska native)
campbell's organic v8 v8 vegetable juice
keebler holiday almond crescents cookies
restaurant shrimp and vegetables chinese
healthy request condensed vegetable soup
cookies refrigerated dough peanut butter
rice cooked enriched short-grain white
rice cooked unenriched glutinous white
candies twizzlers strawberry twists candy
syrups with butter pancake table blends
pancakes prepared from recipe buttermilk
cereals ready-to-eat kashi indigo morning
babyfood strained banana yogurt dessert
fast foods breaded and fried onion rings
fish dry heat cooked mixed species eel
pepperidge farm whole grain oatmeal bread
beans raw sprouted mature seeds kidney
sauce refrigerated ready-to-serve pesto
sauce shelf stable ready-to-serve pesto
campbell's condensed cheddar cheese soup
fish dry heat cooked atlantic mackerel
cheesecake prepared from mix no-bake type
grapefruit juice sweetened canned white
mother's halloween circus animals cookies
beets solids and liquids canned pickled
beets solids and liquids canned harvard
candies with high vitamin c fruit snacks
murray chocolate chip cookies sugar free
pancakes incomplete dry mix whole-wheat
cereals dry quick oats with iron quaker
chicken raw skin (drumsticks and thighs)
nuts unpeeled dried european chestnuts
lime juice unsweetened canned or bottled
frostings ready-to-eat creamy chocolate
waffles ready-to-heat frozen buttermilk
tofu prepared with calcium sulfate fried
cereals ready-to-eat cap'n crunch quaker
keebler cheese on wheat sandwich crackers
cereals dry plain original malt-o-meal
chicken tenders prepared frozen breaded
kashi black bean mango unprepared frozen
mushrooms raw or crimini italian brown
ice creams no sugar added light vanilla
malt beverage includes non-alcoholic beer
game meat roasted cooked water buffalo
campbell's condensed vegetable beef soup
vitasoy usa vitasoy light vanilla soymilk
beverages breakfast blend brewed coffee
cake cherry fudge with chocolate frosting
babyfood dry with honey oatmeal cereal
babyfood strained with egg yolks cereal
beverages acai berry v8 v- fusion juices
beverages peach mango v8 v-fusion juices
gravy slow roast turkey franco-american
piki bread made from blue cornmeal (hopi)
kellogg's multigrain crackers special k
milk without added vitamin d whole dry
fast foods with egg and sausage biscuit
worthington saucettes unprepared canned
apples boiled cooked without skin raw
seeds dried whole sisymbrium sp. seeds
worthington stripples unprepared frozen
worthington stakelets unprepared frozen
bread commercially prepared whole-wheat
cereals ready-to-eat cocoa pebbles post
keebler honey wheat crackers wheatables
keebler iced oatmeal cookies traditions
kielbasa smoked turkey and beef polish
alcoholic beverage low carb light beer
beets with salt boiled. drained cooked
cookies baked refrigerated dough sugar
beverages eas soy protein powder abbott
gardenburger original unprepared frozen
fish dry heat cooked atlantic pollock
murray oatmeal cookies southern kitchen
bread toasted oat bran reduced-calorie
keebler chocolate pie crust ready crust
snacks unsalted low fat tortilla chips
chicken breast tenders uncooked breaded
sunshine scrabble jr. crackers cheez-it
milk lowfat cultured fluid buttermilk
beans raw sprouted mature seeds pinto
pigeon peas (red gram) raw mature seeds
sausage egg and cheese breakfast biscuit
sunshine cheddar jack crackers cheez-it
muffins toasted toaster-type blueberry
cauliflower no salt added cooked green
t.g.i. friday's breaded friday's shrimp
vegetables drained solids canned mixed
soy sauce made from soy and wheat (shoyu)
fish dry heat cooked spanish mackerel
beverages ready-to-drink tropical punch
ruffed grouse raw skinless breast meat
usda commodity flour mix low-fat bakery
chili con carne with beans canned entree
alcoholic beverages higher alcohol beer
snacks nonfat fruit-filled granola bar
babyfood junior turkey and rice dinner
ground turkey broiled patties fat free
murray peanut butter cookies sugar free
kellogg's chocolate chip pancakes eggo
ice creams 98% fat free vanilla breyers
puddings fat free ready-to-eat tapioca
puddings fat free ready-to-eat vanilla
famous amos chocolate chip pecan cookies
cookies made with rice cereal chocolate
olives green canned or bottled pickled
beverages limeade lemonada minute maid
caribou raw (alaska native) bone marrow
candies bit-o'-honey candy chews nestle
jams reduced sugar marmalade preserves
squash with salt baked hubbard winter
sauce original kc masterpiece barbecue
dip medium cheese 'n salsa old el paso
pie prepared from recipe lemon meringue
murray coconut cookies southern kitchen
pasta cooked made without egg homemade
chicken raw giblets broilers or fryers
turnip greens solids and liquids canned
rose hips wild (northern plains indians)
sea lion kidney (alaska native) steller
beef raw 95% lean meat / 5% fat ground
keebler reduced fat crackers town house
candies with peanut butter honey-combed
biscuits refrigerated dough mixed grain
archway home style cookies iced molasses
blueberries drained light syrup canned
prunes stewed dehydrated (low-moisture)
kraft breakstone's reduced fat sour cream
beverages low carb monster energy drink
peanuts with salt oil-roasted virginia
keebler holiday gingerbread men cookies
peanuts with salt oil-roasted valencia
puff pastry baked ready-to-bake frozen
candies hershey's pot of gold almond bar
candies with rice cereal milk chocolate
candies milky way bar mars snackfood us
babyfood junior mixed vegetable dinner
pizza hut 14" cheese pizza stuffed crust
puddings regular dry mix coconut cream
puddings instant dry mix coconut cream
turkey roasted cooked meat only whole
soup condensed canned cream of chicken
babyfood junior tropical fruit dessert
pie crust unbaked regular refrigerated
waxgourd raw (chinese preserving melon)
beef raw 93% lean meat / 7% fat ground
beef raw 97% lean meat / 3% fat ground
fish dry heat cooked atlantic herring
babyfood dry with bananas rice cereal
cereals ready-to-eat kashi berry blossom
keebler keebler chocolate graham selects
restaurant chicken tenders family style
macaroni and cheese microwavable canned
murray old fashioned gingersnaps cookies
beans canned mature seeds black turtle
hormel pillow pak sliced turkey pepperoni
fish dried (alaska native) chum salmon
pancakes prepared from recipe blueberry
babyfood junior green beans vegetables
soup ready-to-serve canned chunky beef
soup dry powder beef broth or bouillon
snacks buckwheat brown rice rice cakes
loma linda big franks unprepared canned
beef cooked brisket corned beef cured
oil ultra low linolenic soy industrial
keebler club & cheddar sandwich crackers
blueberries frozen (alaska native) wild
whale raw (alaska native) liver beluga
oil high oleic (70% and over) sunflower
lasagna with meat sauce prepared frozen
mushrooms without salt cooked shiitake
bread multi-grain (includes whole-grain)
keebler saltines with whole wheat zesta
salad dressing fat-free mayonnaise-like
leeks raw (bulb and lower leaf-portion)
soup condensed canned chicken mushroom
cereals ready-to-eat ralston corn flakes
milk with lauric acid oil fluid filled
salad dressing fat-free french dressing
beans plain or vegetarian canned baked
cereals ready-to-eat trix general mills
archway home style cookies peanut butter
pie commercially prepared coconut creme
peanut butter without salt smooth style
tortilla sakwavikaviki (hopi) blue corn
salad dressing fat-free ranch dressing
worthington choplets unprepared canned
snacks 94% fat free microwave popcorn
beverages powder lemonade-flavor drink
bread prepared from recipe whole-wheat
babyfood toddler beef and rice dinner
archway home style cookies frosty lemon
fish dry heat cooked european turbot
pepperidge farm light style wheat bread
fish dry heat cooked pacific herring
fish dry heat cooked freshwater drum
babyfood junior chicken noodle dinner
keebler buttercrisps crackers toasteds
applesauce with salt sweetened canned
soup swanson chicken broth 99% fat free
dock with salt drained boiled cooked
nuts unpeeled raw european chestnuts
cookies regular peanut butter sandwich
dutch brand loaf pork and beef chicken
beverages diet cran cherry ocean spray
alcoholic beverage sweet dessert wine
turkey simmered cooked giblets whole
salad dressing regular caesar dressing
fish raw atlantic and pacific halibut
rice uncle ben's dry parboiled brown
wendy's ultimate chicken grill sandwich
babyfood strained dutch apple dessert
babyfood strained peach melba dessert
babyfood junior peach cobbler dessert
canada goose raw skinless breast meat
pepperidge farm farmhouse oatmeal bread
pepperidge farm hamburger buns w/sesame
rolls whole wheat hamburger or hot dog
chicken pot pie prepared frozen entree
beverages cran pomegranate ocean spray
cookie with icing or coating chocolate
pasta with added salt enriched cooked
soup condensed canned mushroom barley
grapefruit all areas pink and red raw
murray fudge dipped grahams sugar free
frostings ready-to-eat creamy vanilla
kashi frozen entree chicken florentine
cookies commercially prepared brownies
mushrooms drained solids canned straw
sunshine hot & spicy crackers cheez-it
mollusks raw mixed species cuttlefish
olives canned (small-extra large) ripe
babyfood strained apple yogurt dessert
apples with skin golden delicious raw
pie prepared from recipe vanilla cream
lamb raw kidney imported new zealand
okra with salt drained boiled cooked
kashi original h2h woven wheat cracker
bread stuffing prepared dry mix bread
crackers low-sodium fat-free saltines
cereals ready-to-eat waffle crisp post
gravy slow roast beef franco-american
gravy microwavable chicken campbell's
passion-fruit raw purple (granadilla)
babyfood dry fortified oatmeal cereal
cereals ready-to-eat kix general mills
sea lion heart (alaska native) steller
sea lion liver (alaska native) steller
kellogg's multigrain crackers all-bran
beef cooked separable fat retail cuts
tomato juice without salt added canned
cereals ready-to-eat ralston crisp rice
fast foods with beans and beef burrito
corn flour unenriched degermed yellow
alcoholic beverage canned whiskey sour
peanuts with salt oil-roasted spanish
beverages canned clam and tomato juice
beans raw sprouted mature seeds navy
babyfood strained chicken soup dinner
oil linoleic (less than 60%) sunflower
restaurant sweet and sour pork chinese
beverages with chicory instant coffee
kellogg's chocolate chip waffles eggo
babyfood strained banana apple dessert
restaurant assorted egg rolls chinese
restaurant beef and vegetables chinese
rice enriched raw medium-grain white
rice chinese restaurant steamed white
pizza hut 12" pepperoni pizza pan crust
sunshine pepper jack crackers cheez-it
cereals ready-to-eat kashi simply maize
fish raw (alaska native) meat lingcod
soup condensed canned cream of celery
pepperidge farm seeded jewish rye bread
burger king with cheese double whopper
babyfood strained creamed corn vegetables
frankfurter fat free and turkey pork beef
cereals dry plain fortified instant oats
celery without salt drained boiled cooked
crustaceans raw mixed species spiny lobster
ice cream bar covered with chocolate and nuts
murray iced oatmeal cookies southern kitchen
restaurant spaghetti with meat sauce italian
fruit juice smoothie blue machine naked juice
campbell's red and white condensed beef broth
turkey raw meat and skin breast all classes
keebler bistro multigrain crackers town house
limeade prepared with water frozen concentrate
pizza hut 12" pepperoni pizza hand-tossed crust
kashi frozen entree lemongrass coconut chicken
cookies special dietary peanut butter sandwich
pizza hut 14" sausage pizza thin 'n crispy crust
pineapple solids and liquids juice pack canned
pineapple solids and liquids water pack canned
kellogg's egg & cheese biscuit scramblers eggo
lambsquarters with salt drained boiled cooked
sage valley gluten free vanilla sandwich cookies
usda commodity canned meatless spaghetti sauce
rice cake cracker (include hain mini rice cakes)
usda commodity raw frozen patties (100%) beef
potatoes with salt skin cooked in skin boiled
vitasoy usa organic nasoya super firm cubed tofu
snacks fruit nutri-grain cereal bars kellogg's
mcdonald's premium grilled chicken club sandwich
taquitos oven-heated chicken and cheese frozen
turkey roasted meat only from whole bird wing
snacks yogurt covered with vitamin c candy bits
chicken back meat only bbq rotisserie broiler
kashi spinach artichoke pasta unprepared frozen
cereals ready-to-eat lucky charms general mills
cookies baked refrigerated dough peanut butter
frozen novelties no sugar added creamsicle pops
fast foods and bacon cheese with egg biscuit
pepperidge farm 100% whole wheat hamburger buns
worthington low fat fri chik unprepared canned
worthington frichik original unprepared canned
vitasoy usa organic nasoya tofu plus extra firm
veal raw thymus variety meats and by-products
veal raw spleen variety meats and by-products
lamb raw spleen variety meats and by-products
ice creams chocolate low carbohydrate regular
crackers saltines (includes oyster soda soup)
crackers sandwich-type with cheese filling rye
restaurant bunuelos (fried yeast bread) latino
beets solids and liquids no salt added canned
sunshine italian four cheese crackers cheez-it
crustaceans moist heat cooked dungeness crab
fish dry heat cooked mixed species whitefish
babyfood strained garden vegetable vegetables
keebler party pack cracker assortment toasteds
margarine soybean (hydrogenated) hard regular
crackers low salt regular standard snack-type
apricot nectar with added ascorbic acid canned
healthy request condensed cream of celery soup
frozen novelties fudgsicle pops no sugar added
beverages evian non-carbonated bottled water
mountain yam with salt steamed cooked hawaii
lentils with salt stir-fried cooked sprouted
keebler toast & peanut butter sandwich crackers
snacks baked restructured white potato chips
alcoholic beverage 86 proof whiskey distilled
lentils with salt boiled cooked mature seeds
campbell's homestyle potato broccoli cheese soup
cookies regular commercially prepared oatmeal
fast foods and ham cheese with egg croissant
cereals dry plain instant corn grits quaker
soy sauce made from hydrolyzed vegetable protein
alcoholic beverage pinot noir red table wine
groundcherries raw (cape-gooseberries or poha)
rolls wheat/cracked wheat hamburger or hot dog
denny's fried battered or breaded fish fillet
alcoholic beverage riesling white table wine
pizza cooked frozen thick crust meat topping
soup condensed canned manhattan clam chowder
murray lemon creme sandwich cookies sugar free
cereals ready-to-eat kellogg's mueslix kellogg
cornmeal enriched degermed self-rising white
babyfood junior applesauce and cherries fruit
babyfood junior applesauce and apricots fruit
cookies enriched commercially prepared butter
spaghettios spaghettios a to z's with meatballs
soup condensed canned tomato beef with noodle
escarole no salt added drained boiled cooked
babyfood strained creamed spinach vegetables
campbell's chunky soups hearty beef barley soup
fruit juice smoothie green machine naked juice
crustaceans home recipe crab cakes blue crab
beef raw thymus variety meats and by-products
beef raw spleen variety meats and by-products
beef raw tongue variety meats and by-products
lettuce raw iceberg (includes crisphead types)
murray chocolate chip cookies southern kitchen
fish drained solids canned in oil white tuna
okra with salt drained boiled cooked frozen
campbell's red and white condensed lentil soup
duck meat (alaska native) white-winged scoter
fish raw (alaska native) coho (silver) salmon
crackers la moderna rikis cream crackers cream
beans raw mature seeds california red kidney
cereals ready-to-eat honey buzzers malt-o-meal
milk with added vitamin d 3.25% milkfat whole
cereals ready-to-eat kashi 7 whole grain flakes
butterbur without salt drained boiled cooked
burdock root with salt drained boiled cooked
beans with pork and tomato sauce canned baked
cereals ready-to-eat quaker puffed rice quaker
chard with salt drained boiled cooked swiss
crustaceans raw (not previously frozen) shrimp
morningstar farms veggie dog unprepared frozen
cookies lowfat plain or honey graham crackers
cereals ready-to-eat kellogg scooby-doo! cereal
beverages orchard blend v8 splash juice drinks
biscuits prepared dry mix plain or buttermilk
worthington vegetable steaks unprepared canned
fish dry heat cooked farmed atlantic salmon
fish dry heat cooked farmed channel catfish
babyfood strained vegetables and bacon dinner
kraft velveeta pasteurized process cheese spread
beans unprepared frozen immature seeds pinto
cereals dry 1 minute cook time cream of wheat
veal raw tongue variety meats and by-products
lamb raw tongue variety meats and by-products
chicken raw meat only leg broilers or fryers
sweeteners splenda packets sucralose tabletop
babyfood junior vegetables and chicken dinner
pork sausage unheated fully cooked link/patty
cereals ready-to-eat kellogg's crispix kellogg
beverages sweetened ready-to-drink green tea
chicken barbecue flavored glazed frozen wing
pizza hut 12" cheese pizza thin 'n crispy crust
soup chunk style low sodium beef and mushroom
arrowhead without salt drained boiled cooked
peppers unprepared chopped frozen red sweet
sweet potato drained solids syrup pack canned
fish dry (alaska native) pacific herring eggs
macaroni and cheese loaf pork and beef chicken
beverages frozen concentrate fruit punch drink
cereals ready-to-eat cocoa puffs general mills
cereals ready-to-eat plain toasted wheat germ
soup ready-to-serve chunky canned minestrone
fish with skin (alaska native) cooked halibut
steelhead trout flesh (shoshone bannock) dried
fish raw (alaska native) sockeye (red) salmon
usda commodity cooked frozen turkey taco meat
pasta as purchased spinach fresh-refrigerated
sauce ready-to-serve spaghetti/marinara pasta
swanson broth certified organic vegetable broth
pizza hut 14" pepperoni pizza hand-tossed crust
alcoholic beverage semillon white table wine
kellogg's honey oat waffles nutri-grain eggo
kellogg's blueberry waffles nutri-grain eggo
cereals dry whole wheat natural cereal quaker
olive garden cheese ravioli with marinara sauce
alcoholic beverage sangiovese red table wine
mcdonald's bacon ranch salad with crispy chicken
coffeecake dry mix cinnamon with crumb topping
coffeecake creme-filled with chocolate frosting
prickly pears broiled (northern plains indians)
veal roasted cooked separable lean only loin
veal braised cooked separable lean only loin
rutabagas without salt drained boiled cooked
lambsquarters steamed (northern plains indians)
mollusks moist heat cooked unspecified whelk
veal raw separable lean and fat arm shoulder
fruit juice smoothie strawberry banana odwalla
turkey roasted cooked light meat all classes
domino's 14" pepperoni pizza crunchy thin crust
sunshine soup & oyster crackers (large) krispy
lamb raw seam fat fresh imported australian
kellogg's original french toaster sticks eggo
pears with added sugar stewed sulfured dried
pear nectar without added ascorbic acid canned
kashi frozen entree sesame chicken steam meal
kellogg's cinnamon french toaster sticks eggo
pork sausage rice links cooked brown and serve
kale with salt drained boiled cooked frozen
kale with salt drained boiled cooked scotch
snacks without peanuts caramel-coated popcorn
orange juice includes from concentrate chilled
mcdonald's premium crispy chicken club sandwich
seeds dried (decorticated) sesame seed kernels
salad dressing reduced calorie french dressing
rice and vermicelli mix unprepared beef flavor
fish drained solids canned in oil light tuna
pizza hut 14" cheese pizza thin 'n crispy crust
soup canned healthy choice chicken noodle soup
cereals dry quick white hominy grits quaker
babyfood prepared with whole milk rice cereal
cabbage with salt drained boiled cooked red
cereals ready-to-eat sweet crunch/quisp quaker
beverages strawberry banana v8 v-fusion juices
turkey raw meat and skin breast retail parts
school lunch whole grain breaded chicken patty
sea lion meat with fat (alaska native) steller
fish dry heat cooked mixed species sea bass
english muffins mixed-grain (includes granola)
chicken roasted meat only broilers or fryers
fish raw (not previously frozen) pacific cod
broccoli without salt drained boiled cooked
turkey raw meat only drumstick retail parts
succotash unprepared frozen (corn and limas)
beet greens with salt drained boiled cooked
fruit juice smoothie mighty mango naked juice
heinz frozen chocolate eclair weight watcher
babyfood strained vegetables and lamb dinner
cookies with lemon juice and rind ladyfingers
beef raw lungs variety meats and by-products
cereals dry quaker multigrain oatmeal quaker
sauce reduced sodium ready-to-serve teriyaki
celeriac without salt drained boiled cooked
sausage reduced sodium and beef turkey pork
beverages bottled cranberry-apple juice drink
lupins with salt boiled cooked mature seeds
snacks unsalted plain brown rice rice cakes
candies prepared-from-recipe chocolate fudge
campbell's homestyle italian-style wedding soup
sweeteners packets equal aspartame tabletop
rice enriched raw regular long-grain white
lamb raw heart variety meats and by-products
veal raw heart variety meats and by-products
lamb raw liver variety meats and by-products
nuts toasted dried (desiccated) coconut meat
fast foods with crispy chicken fillet biscuit
popeyes skin and breading mild fried chicken
pasta cooked corn and rice flour gluten-free
mcdonald's filet-o-fish (without tartar sauce)
soup condensed canned bean with frankfurters
chicken roasted cooked meat and skin capons
tomato products with salt added puree canned
lemon juice from concentrate canned or bottled
potatoes unprepared plain frozen hash brown
campbell's chunky soups split pea 'n' ham soup
babyfood junior vegetables and turkey dinner
babyfood strained macaroni and cheese dinner
babyfood junior applesauce with banana fruit
nuts creamed dried (desiccated) coconut meat
cereals ready-to-eat kashi 7 whole grain puffs
eggplant without salt drained boiled cooked
kellogg's pumpkin spice waffles eggo seasons
kellogg's original waffles nutri-grain eggo
babyfood strained bananas with tapioca fruit
veal braised cooked separable lean only rib
veal roasted cooked separable lean only rib
purslane without salt drained boiled cooked
rennin prepared with 2% milk dry mix vanilla
yogurt dannon oikos strawberry nonfat greek
cookies chocolate cream covered biscuit sticks
crustaceans raw wild mixed species crayfish
squash with salt baked cooked acorn winter
kashi pesto pasta primavera unprepared frozen
candies crunch bar and dessert topping nestle
veal raw separable lean only leg (top round)
beef raw brain variety meats and by-products
squash raw crookneck and straightneck summer
seeds partially defatted sunflower seed flour
seaweed dry canadian cultivated emi-tsunomata
cocoa mix rich chocolate hot cocoa mix nestle
milk dessert bar made from lowfat milk frozen
fish dry heat cooked mixed species sturgeon
seeds roasted and toasted whole sesame seeds
candies dove dark chocolate mars snackfood us
candies dove milk chocolate mars snackfood us
chicken simmered cooked all classes gizzard
parsnips without salt drained boiled cooked
beans with pork and sweet sauce canned baked
babyfood strained vegetables and beef dinner
turkey raw meat only from whole bird breast
turkey raw meat and skin thigh retail parts
margarine-like spread smart beat smart squeeze
snacks all flavors dipps quaker granola bar
campbell's soup on the go creamy broccoli soup
campbell's soup on the go chicken & stars soup
collards without salt drained boiled cooked
cereals with salt cooked with water wheatena
babyfood mixed fruit juice with low fat yogurt
peaches solids and liquids water pack canned
peaches solids and liquids juice pack canned
chicken raw meat and skin broilers or fryers
cauliflower with salt drained boiled cooked
crackers with whole wheat standard snack-type
caribou raw (alaska native) hind quarter meat
beets solids and liquids regular pack canned
beverages fruit medley v8 splash juice drinks
tomatoes with green chilies canned ripe red
keebler original crackers toppers town house
chicken raw separable fat broilers or fryers
blueberries drained heavy syrup canned wild
lamb raw lungs variety meats and by-products
veal raw lungs variety meats and by-products
veal raw liver variety meats and by-products
cereals ready-to-eat honey graham oh!s quaker
plums with added sugar stewed dried (prunes)
fish dry heat cooked mixed species seatrout
candies snickers almond bar mars snackfood us
turkey smoked low fat and beef sausage pork
oil 80% diglycerides enova cooking and salad
goose roasted cooked meat only domesticated
beverages kellogg's special k20 protein powder
lamb raw brain variety meats and by-products
veal raw brain variety meats and by-products
mcdonald's newman's own creamy caesar dressing
peppers solids and liquids canned red sweet
fish raw flatfish (flounder and sole species)
beverages tropical colada v8 splash smoothies
egg custards prepared with whole milk dry mix
soup reduced sodium condensed canned tomato
cereals ready-to-eat wheat chex general mills
steelhead trout canned (alaska native) boiled
thuringer pork beef summer sausage cervelat
alcoholic beverage higher alcohol light beer
beverages bottled cranberry-grape juice drink
cereals ready-to-eat golden puffs malt-o-meal
chicken stewed cooked meat and skin stewing
elk raw (shoshone bannock) ground free range
alcoholic beverage carignane red table wine
alcoholic beverage lemberger red table wine
alcoholic beverage zinfandel red table wine
spaghettios spaghetti in tomato & cheese sauce
sweeteners brown granulated sugar substitute
beef raw ribs prepared imported new zealand
udi's classic french dinner rolls gluten free
beef raw tripe variety meats and by-products
oil fully hydrogenated cottonseed industrial
waffle microwave ready-to-heat frozen plain
keebler chocolate lovers cookies chips deluxe
babyfood strained apricot with tapioca fruit
archway home style cookies date filled oatmeal
sweet potato leaves with salt steamed cooked
papa john's 14" the works pizza original crust
beef raw heart variety meats and by-products
beef raw liver variety meats and by-products
noodles with added salt enriched cooked egg
mollusks fried cooked mixed species abalone
peas with salt drained boiled cooked green
campbell's chunky soups manhattan clam chowder
papa john's 14" pepperoni pizza original crust
waffles toasted ready -to-heat frozen plain
kohlrabi without salt drained boiled cooked
potatoes no salt added drained solids canned
bread pan de torta salvadoran pound cake type
nuts with salt added dry roasted cashew nuts
nuts with salt added oil roasted cashew nuts
squash canned italian style zucchini summer
fish fermented (alaska native) tipnuk salmon
milk dessert chocolate milk-fat free frozen
cake dry mix unenriched white pudding-type
chicken stewed meat only broilers or fryers
nuts without salt added plain almond butter
salad dressing soybean imitation mayonnaise
fish dry heat cooked farmed rainbow trout
cereals ready-to-eat corn chex general mills
ice creams vanilla low carbohydrate regular
chicken breast sliced fat-free oven-roasted
soup single brand condensed bean with bacon
fish dry heat cooked fresh yellowfin tuna
interstate brands corp wonder hamburger rolls
babyfood strained vegetables and ham dinner
salad dressing reduced fat coleslaw dressing
peach nectar with added ascorbic acid canned
beans low sodium canned mature seeds black
fish dry heat cooked wild atlantic salmon
syrups reduced-calorie pancake table blends
fish solids and liquid canned atlantic cod
alcoholic beverage 80 proof vodka distilled
soup condensed low sodium canned vegetable
sauce canned mature red chili hot peppers
kashi pizza unprepared frozen mediterranean
turkey simmered cooked all classes gizzard
fish dry heat cooked mixed species grouper
archway home style cookies sugar free oatmeal
chicken raw meat and skin cornish game hens
wendy's with cheese classic single hamburger
candies snickers munch bar mars snackfood us
sauce cha! by texas pete sriracha hot chile
mcdonald's vanilla reduced fat ice cream cone
burger king croissan'wich with egg and cheese
candies peanut butter confectioner's coating
potatoes home-prepared with butter scalloped
george weston bakeries thomas english muffins
babyfood junior banana and strawberry fruit
vegetable juice daily greens bolthouse farms
babyfood strained apple and blueberry fruit
beverages ready-to-drink ensure plus abbott
dip cheese and salsa- medium salsa con queso
keebler original snack sticks club crackers
chicken pan-fried cooked all classes liver
mcdonald's double quarter pounder with cheese
kellogg's low fat waffles nutri-grain eggo
lemon juice from concentrate concord bottled
corn microwaved frozen whole kernel yellow
soup ready-to-serve canned chunky vegetable
pumpkin without salt drained boiled cooked
alcoholic beverage burgundy red table wine
alcoholic beverage mouvedre red table wine
beef raw suet variety meats and by-products
sesbania flower without salt steamed cooked
nuts without salt added oil roasted almonds
nuts without salt added dry roasted almonds
beverages powder chocolate malted drink mix
cereals ready-to-eat crispy rice malt-o-meal
milk reduced fat cultured fluid buttermilk
soybeans no salt added roasted mature seeds
beef broiled cooked frozen patties ground
yogurt parfait with fruit and granola lowfat
carrots without salt drained boiled cooked
cardoon without salt drained boiled cooked
fish dry heat cooked mixed species snapper
seeds partially defatted safflower seed meal
pie crust ready crust chocolate cookie-type
frozen novelties juice with cream juice type
cereals ready-to-eat rice chex general mills
campbell's soup on the go classic tomato soup
rice mix unprepared flavored white and wild
tomato products with mushrooms sauce canned
caribou half dried (alaska native) rump meat
fish total can contents canned pink salmon
beverages berry blend v8 splash juice drinks
beverages mango peach v8 splash juice drinks
doughnuts sugared or glazed plain cake-type
cereals ready-to-eat apple zings malt-o-meal
fish dry heat cooked wild channel catfish
cereals ready-to-eat christmas crunch quaker
oopah (tunicate) whole animal (alaska native)
sausage smoked skinless pork beef chicken
bratwurst smoked lite beef and turkey pork
crackers with cheese filling sandwich wheat
guava nectar with added ascorbic acid canned
babyfood strained apples and chicken dinner
babyfood junior broccoli and chicken dinner
nuts without salt added plain cashew butter
morningstar farms corn dog unprepared frozen
duck roasted cooked meat only domesticated
frankfurter grilled cooked meat and poultry
kashi roasted garlic h2h woven wheat cracker
prairie turnips raw (northern plains indians)
seasoning mix coriander & annatto sazon dry
babyfood strained vegetables chicken dinner
cereals ready-to-eat honey kix general mills
turkey raw (light and dark) skin from whole
cereals ready-to-eat boo berry general mills
gelatin desserts prepared with water dry mix
cereals ready-to-eat corn bursts malt-o-meal
ice creams all natural light vanilla breyers
cereals ready-to-eat kellogg's cinnamon jacks
t.g.i. friday's classic sirloin steak (10 oz)
syrups and sugar refiner corn table blends
pasta as purchased plain fresh-refrigerated
cheese low fat american pasteurized process
mother's old fashioned chocolate chip cookies
candies crispy bar with peanut butter filling
kellogg's buttermilk fiberplus waffles eggo
pancakes prepared incomplete dry mix plain
babyfood strained pears and pineapple fruit
babyfood strained apple and raspberry fruit
egg glucose reduced stabilized dried whole
pork raw or unheated breakfast strips cured
campbell's chunky soups savory pot roast soup
campbell's chunky soups savory vegetable soup
cereals ready-to-eat fortified puffed wheat
olive garden chicken parmigiana without pasta
puddings with no added salt dry mix tapioca
beverages lemon ready-to-drink tea arizona
chicken pan-browned cooked crumbles ground
milk with added vitamin a evaporated canned
seeds roasted (glandless) cottonseed kernels
beef raw or unheated breakfast strips cured
salsify without salt drained boiled cooked
campbell's chunky classic chicken noodle soup
campbell's chunky soups steak 'n' potato soup
soy protein concentrate produced by acid wash
tofu prepared with calcium sulfate firm raw
babyfood butternut squash and corn vegetable
sweet potato with salt baked cooked frozen
turkey raw meat only from whole bird thigh
spinach without salt drained boiled cooked
puddings prepared with 2% milk dry mix rice
alcoholic beverage muscat white table wine
taquitos oven-heated beef and cheese frozen
turkey roasted cooked dark meat from whole
candies made with butter semisweet chocolate
pizza hut 14" sausage pizza hand-tossed crust
domino's 14" sausage pizza crunchy thin crust
potatoes unprepared refrigerated hash brown
lotus root with salt drained boiled cooked
beans canned mature seeds cranberry (roman)
beans canned mature seeds all types kidney
keebler original fudge stripes fudge shoppe
fish dry heat cooked mixed species whiting
egg glucose reduced stabilized dried white
waffles ready-to-heat frozen chocolate chip
beans sweetened canned mature seeds adzuki
turnips without salt drained boiled cooked
cabbage without salt drained boiled cooked
carrots drained solids no salt added canned
turkey raw meat and skin wing retail parts
campbell's soup on the go vegetable beef soup
campbell's soup on the go creamy chicken soup
mother's double fudge creme sandwich cookies
alcoholic beverage 53 proof coffee liqueur
willow chopped (alaska native) young leaves
frozen novelties creamsicle pops sugar free
cereals ready-to-eat grape-nuts flakes post
cereals ready-to-eat grape-nuts cereal post
corn yellow (northern plains indians) dried
worthington prosage links unprepared frozen
cereals ready-to-eat cheerios general mills
broadbeans (fava beans) canned mature seeds
formulated bar nutz over chocolate luna bar
salad dressing regular sesame seed dressing
cocoa plain hi-fat or breakfast dry powder
peanuts with salt boiled cooked all types
fish dry heat cooked fresh skipjack tuna
turkey raw meat and skin wing all classes
babyfood junior bananas with tapioca fruit
babyfood mix vegetables strained vegetables
babyfood junior vegetables and lamb dinner
fish liver (alaska native) broad whitefish
alcoholic beverage 72 proof creme de menthe
pear nectar with added ascorbic acid canned
babyfood toddler fruit medley juice treats
potatoes without salt flesh and skin baked
campbell's homestyle new england clam chowder
beverages special k protein shake kellogg's
squash unprepared frozen butternut winter
candies prepared-from-recipe vanilla fudge
alcoholic beverage 63 proof coffee liqueur
rice unenriched cooked medium-grain white
soybeans without salt boiled mature cooked
sauce tuong ot sriracha sriracha hot chile
chicken raw meat only light meat roasting
chicken roasted cooked meat only roasting
peppers solids and liquids canned jalapeno
candies caramel with nuts chocolate covered
candies butterscotch confectioner's coating
fish with skin (alaska native) raw halibut
fish dry heat cooked atlantic ocean perch
candies prepared-from-recipe peanut brittle
babyfood junior egg yolks and bacon cereal
pillsbury dry traditional fudge brownie mix
borage without salt drained boiled cooked
babyfood strained banana with mixed berries
beverages white cranberry peach ocean spray
milk homemade hot cocoa chocolate beverage
tortillas whole wheat ready-to-bake or -fry
candies snickers cruncher mars snackfood us
ground turkey pan-broiled crumbles fat free
cookies with creme filling oatmeal sandwich
cake dry mix german chocolate pudding-type
kellogg's strawberry strudel wafflers eggo
murray fudge dipped mint cookies sugar free
cranberry sauce ocean spray canned jellied
soup condensed canned vegetarian vegetable
babyfood junior apricot with tapioca fruit
mollusks liquid canned mixed species clam
corned beef and potatoes in tortilla (apache)
babyfood sweet potatoes strained vegetables
salad dressing low calorie russian dressing
snacks with vitamin c pieces fruit leather
pears solids and liquids water pack canned
pears solids and liquids juice pack canned
spinach drained solids regular pack canned
kashi frozen entree southwest style chicken
pepperidge farm farmhouse hearty white bread
campbell's high fiber v8 v8 vegetable juice
carrots drained solids regular pack canned
milk substitutes with lauric acid oil fluid
campbell's condensed chicken with rice soup
chicken simmered cooked all classes heart
chicken simmered cooked all classes liver
butterbur with salt drained boiled cooked
cereals ready-to-eat post raisin bran cereal
frozen novelties pineapple-coconut ice type
turnip greens and turnips unprepared frozen
vegetables solids and liquids canned mixed
campbell's low sodium v8 v8 vegetable juice
campbell's v8 v-lite v8 60% vegetable juice
kellogg's sea salt cracker chips special k
beverages sugar free rockstar energy drink
turkey roasted cooked skin only young hen
kellogg's garlic and herb crackers all-bran
caribou dried (alaska native) shoulder meat
fish drained solids canned sockeye salmon
arrowhead with salt drained boiled cooked
asparagus with salt drained boiled cooked
babyfood toddler beef with vegetables meat
cheese large or small curd creamed cottage
doughnuts with jelly filling yeast-leavened
doughnuts with creme filling yeast-leavened
restaurant prepared beef empanadas latino
mollusks moist heat cooked pacific oyster
mollusks moist heat cooked common octopus
beef raw lean only strip steaks grass-fed
babyfood junior vegetables and beef dinner
keebler deluxe grahams cookies fudge shoppe
keebler caramel filled cookies fudge shoppe
cereals ready-to-eat oatmeal squares quaker
fish dry heat cooked pumpkin seed sunfish
famous amos chocolate sandwich creme cookies
shortening lard and vegetable oil household
shortening industrial lard and vegetable oil
snacks unsalted chips extruded corn-based
frankfurter boiled cooked meat and poultry
restaurant without meat fried rice chinese
domino's 14" cheese pizza crunchy thin crust
pizza hut 12" cheese pizza hand-tossed crust
sauce with salt bottled tomato chili sauce
turkey roasted cooked meat and skin whole
squab raw light meat without skin (pigeon)
tomato products spanish style sauce canned
babyfood strained blueberry yogurt dessert
soup ready-to-serve chunky canned chicken
nuts boiled and steamed european chestnuts
cereals ready-to-eat wheaties general mills
keebler coconut dreams cookies fudge shoppe
archway home style cookies strawberry filled
soup ready-to-serve canned lentil with ham
oscar mayer ham (chopped with natural juice)
usda commodity frozen chicken fajita strips
seeds with salt added sunflower seed butter
chokecherries pitted (shoshone bannock) raw
nuts without salt added oil roasted pecans
nuts without salt added dry roasted pecans
babyfood green beans and potatoes vegetable
babyfood junior macaroni and cheese dinner
cereals ready-to-eat fortified puffed rice
pasta without added salt unenriched cooked
alcoholic beverage barbera red table wine
babyfood fruit filling fortified cereal bar
mcdonald's bacon ranch salad without chicken
van's totally original pancakes gluten free
jackson's old fashioned lemon jumble cookies
babyfood strained without vitamin c prunes
rutabagas with salt drained boiled cooked
oil contains added sliced flaxseed flaxseed
beverages high caffeine limeade carbonated
game meat pan-broiled cooked ground bison
mollusks fried cooked mixed species squid
fish regular (lox) smoked chinook salmon
veal raw separable lean only arm shoulder
beverages without caffeine cola carbonated
beef cooked unspecified fat content ground
babyfood gerber graduate yogurt melts snack
lamb raw ground lamb imported new zealand
snacks with peanuts caramel-coated popcorn
keebler oatmeal fudge stripes fudge shoppe
campbell's chunky soups chicken corn chowder
nuts boiled and steamed japanese chestnuts
cake commercially prepared boston cream pie
beverages citrus flavor vault energy drink
pizza hut 14" cheese pizza hand-tossed crust
peanuts without salt oil-roasted all types
peanuts without salt dry-roasted all types
onions without salt drained boiled cooked
cereals ready-to-eat ralston crispy hexagons
turkey raw meat only from whole bird wing
campbell's condensed cream of mushroom soup
seeds dried pumpkin and squash seed kernels
silk vanilla soy yogurt (single serving size)
campbell's soup on the go creamy tomato soup
stew badufsuki (hopi) pinto bean and hominy
pepperidge farm raisin cinnamon swirl bread
margarine spread tub approximately 48% fat
van's totally original waffles gluten free
worthington prime stakes unprepared canned
cereals ready-to-eat honeycomb cereal post
turkey raw meat only breast retail parts
babyfood strained vegetable and brown rice
tomatoes year round average raw ripe red
apples microwave cooked without skin raw
worthington prosage roll unprepared frozen
bread toasted commercially prepared white
archway home style cookies coconut macaroon
sunshine parmesan garlic crackers cheez-it
crustaceans moist heat cooked queen crab
babyfood junior vegetables and ham dinner
pork raw separable lean and fat carcass fresh
snacks sour-cream-and-onion-flavor potato chips
cookies regular sugar wafers with creme filling
mustard greens with salt drained boiled cooked
keebler peanut butter fudge sticks fudge shoppe
figs solids and liquids heavy syrup pack canned
sauce canned immature green hot peppers chili
rice and vermicelli mix unprepared chicken flavor
soup ready-to-serve canned chunky chicken noodle
pears solids and liquids light syrup pack canned
mollusks dry heat cooked farmed eastern oyster
murray chocolate creme sandwich cookies sugar free
stinging nettles blanched (northern plains indians)
beef raw seam fat grass-fed imported australian
vitasoy usa vitasoy organic classic original soymilk
salad dressing low calorie blue or roquefort cheese
domino's 14" sausage pizza classic hand-tossed crust
usda commodity frozen smoked dark meat turkey ham
kellogg's brown sugar waffles thick & fluffy eggo
mollusks drained solids canned mixed species clam
winged beans with salt boiled cooked mature seeds
mustard greens without salt drained boiled cooked
salad dressing reduced fat thousand island dressing
potatoes unprepared frozen cross cut french fried
pork pan-broiled cooked 84% lean / 16% fat ground
cornmeal enriched plain bolted self-rising white
wheat flour unbleached enriched all-purpose white
lamb cooked subcutaneous fat imported new zealand
turkey bone removed with skin cooked smoked wing
keebler rainbow chocolate chip cookies chips deluxe
cereals ready-to-eat marshmallow mateys malt-o-meal
campbell's brown sugar and bacon flavored baked beans
salad dressing without salt soybean oil mayonnaise
tortillas refrigerated flour ready-to-bake or -fry
gravy fat free slow roast chicken franco-american
mothbeans without salt boiled cooked mature seeds
tomato products with herbs and cheese sauce canned
cocoa processed with alkali unsweetened dry powder
apricots stewed sulfured dehydrated (low-moisture)
asparagus with salt drained boiled cooked frozen
loma linda swiss stake with gravy unprepared canned
chicken raw meat and skin back broilers or fryers
sauce with butter prepared-from-recipe thin white
worthington meatless chicken roll unprepared frozen
cereals ready-to-eat post selects maple pecan crunch
usda commodity food refined soybean vegetable oil
keebler bite size pecan shortbread cookies sandies
crackers with peanut butter filling sandwich wheat
beverages with added vitamin c canned orange drink
peas solids and liquids regular pack canned green
mcdonald's premium crispy chicken ranch blt sandwich
frijoles rojos volteados (refried beans red canned)
chicken raw meat and skin neck broilers or fryers
beans with salt boiled cooked mature seed adzuki
gardenburger flame grilled burger unprepared frozen
gardenburger veggie medley burger unprepared frozen
pork raw separable lean and fat whole loin fresh
cookies with extra creme filling chocolate sandwich
cereals dry cinnamon-spice instant oatmeal quaker
nuts not sweetened dried (desiccated) coconut meat
beans with salt boiled cooked mature seeds pinto
potatoes without salt flesh cooked in skin boiled
soup prepared with water mix dry cream of chicken
babyfood strained pineapple fruit pudding dessert
drumstick pods without salt drained boiled cooked
lamb raw separable fat fresh imported australian
chicken raw meat and skin wing broilers or fryers
pork pan-broiled cooked 72% lean / 28% fat ground
chicken back meat and skin bbq rotisserie broiler
pumpkin leaves without salt drained boiled cooked
beef cooked subcutaneous fat imported new zealand
glutino chocolate vanilla creme gluten free cookies
pork raw feet variety meats and by-products fresh
pork raw jowl variety meats and by-products fresh
waffle microwaved ready-to-heat frozen buttermilk
fruit juice smoothie green goodness bolthouse farms
soy sauce made from soy and wheat (shoyu) low sodium
cattail narrow leaf shoots (northern plains indians)
keebler oatmeal chocolate chip cookies chips deluxe
sweet potato with salt flesh baked in skin cooked
sweet potato with salt without skin boiled cooked
incaparina unprepared dry mix (corn and soy flours)
corn flour blue (harina de maiz morado) whole-grain
pie crust baked prepared from recipe standard-type
peaches solids and liquids heavy syrup pack canned
peaches solids and liquids light syrup pack canned
salad dressing regular commercial italian dressing
potatoes unprepared frozen wedge cut french fried
cereals ready-to-eat mother's graham bumpers quaker
cereals ready-to-eat cinnamon crunch cascadian farm
tortillas shelf stable flour ready-to-bake or -fry
campbell's red and white condensed beef noodle soup
usda commodity cooked frozen beef patties with vpp
potatoes skin with salt in skin cooked microwaved
taco bell cheese and lettuce soft taco with chicken
snacks unsalted sesame seed brown rice rice cakes
babyfood apple and sweet potato fruit and vegetable
cereals ready-to-eat kellogg's honey smacks kellogg
desserts prepared-from-recipe caramel custard flan
formulated bar oats and chocolate chewy high fiber
cabbage without salt drained boiled cooked savoy
cheese shredded part-skim low moisture mozzarella
blackberries solids and liquids heavy syrup canned
cereals ready-to-eat post selects blueberry morning
cereals ready-to-eat kellogg's froot loops kellogg
beverages unsweetened ready-to-drink tea wendy's
beverages diet fruit medley v8 splash juice drinks
yambean (jicama) with salt drained boiled cooked
turkey raw from dark meat from retail parts skin
fast foods large patty; plain cheeseburger; single
apples unheated drained sliced sweetened canned
chicken raw meat and skin leg broilers or fryers
cheese with vegetables 1% milkfat lowfat cottage
snacks unsalted oil-popped home-prepared popcorn
salad dressing regular commercial thousand island
prunes solids and liquids heavy syrup pack canned
sunshine crackers (made with whole grain) cheez-it
beans with salt boiled cooked mature seeds navy
morningstar farms chik'n nuggets unprepared frozen
cheese lactose reduced 1% milkfat lowfat cottage
cookies sugar free with creme filling sugar wafer
snacks unsalted multigrain brown rice rice cakes
shortening household soybean (hydrogenated) and palm
rice cooked enriched parboiled long-grain white
poultry raw from mature hens mechanically deboned
candies twix caramel cookie bars mars snackfood us
fast foods and sausage cheese with egg croissant
lima beans unprepared baby frozen immature seeds
veal raw boneless cutlet cap off top round leg
fish raw mixed species pacific and jack mackerel
alcoholic beverage cabernet franc red table wine
cereals ready-to-eat raisin nut bran general mills
beverages calistoga non-carbonated bottled water
candies raisinets chocolate covered raisins nestle
beverages lemon ready-to-drink black tea nestea
alcoholic beverage late harvest white table wine
candies low sugar or low calorie chocolate covered
beverages strawberry banana v8 splash juice drinks
alcoholic beverage chenin blanc white table wine
beef raw manufacturing beef imported new zealand
bread commercially prepared plain chapati or roti
jute without salt drained boiled cooked potherb
kellogg's brown sugar cinnamon roll wafflers eggo
yogurt 11 grams protein per 8 ounce low fat fruit
yogurt 10 grams protein per 8 ounce low fat fruit
cereals dry not fortified regular and quick oats
cereals with salt cooked with water cream of rice
domino's 14" sausage pizza ultimate deep dish crust
mcdonald's hotcakes (with 2 pats margarine & syrup)
mollusks breaded and fried cooked eastern oyster
pumpkin with salt drained boiled cooked flowers
cookies with creme filling chocolate chip sandwich
pancakes prepared incomplete dry mix whole-wheat
spaghettios spaghettios  with meatballs - easy open
veal raw separable lean only blade chop shoulder
campbell's red and white condensed scooby-doo soup
cookie chocolate-coated with peanut butter filling
kashi frozen entree chicken fettuccine steam meal
snack plain made from dried potatoes potato chips
dandelion greens with salt drained boiled cooked
drumstick leaves with salt drained boiled cooked
snacks barbecue-flavor chips extruded corn-based
salad dressing regular commercial french dressing
campbell's red and white condensed minestrone soup
campbell's condensed homestyle chicken noodle soup
salad dressing home recipe oil cottonseed french
noodles without added salt cooked unenriched egg
lamb raw external fat fresh imported australian
brussels sprouts with salt drained boiled cooked
cereals ready-to-eat kellogg's apple jacks kellogg
cereals ready-to-eat kellogg's raisin bran kellogg
soup commercial condensed canned broccoli cheese
chokecherries pitted (northern plains indians) raw
campbell's low sodium spicy hot v8 vegetable juice
kellogg's southwest ranch cracker chips special k
snacks chocolate chip uncoated soft granola bars
snacks nut and raisin uncoated soft granola bars
blueberries solids and liquids heavy syrup canned
peas with salt boiled cooked mature seeds split
mungo beans with salt boiled cooked mature seeds
pizza cooked frozen regular crust cheese topping
cereals ready-to-eat plain quaker oat life quaker
archway home style cookies reduced fat ginger snaps
fish drained solids with bone canned chum salmon
beverages decaffeinated ready to drink black tea
asparagus solids and liquids no salt added canned
cereals ready-to-eat kellogg's corn flakes kellogg
cereals ready-to-eat cinnamon toasters malt-o-meal
apples without added sugar stewed sulfured dried
hormel always tender fresh pork boneless pork loin
keebler dark chocolate fudge stripes fudge shoppe
peanut butter vitamin and mineral fortified chunky
peanut butter vitamin and mineral fortified smooth
swisswurst smoked with swiss cheese pork and beef
usda commodity peaches drained light syrup canned
morningstar farms grillers prime unprepared frozen
cereals dry 2 1/2 minute cook time cream of wheat
restaurant without meat vegetable lo mein chinese
pizza hut 12" super supreme pizza hand-tossed crust
domino's 14" cheese pizza classic hand-tossed crust
cereals ready-to-eat health valley oat bran flakes
sweet potato solids and liquids syrup pack canned
cereals ready-to-eat berry berry kix general mills
beans with salt boiled cooked mature seeds pink
potatoes without salt skin cooked in skin boiled
bamboo shoots without salt drained boiled cooked
cereals ready-to-eat honey nut shredded wheat post
fast foods patty; plain regular hamburger; double
pork pan-broiled cooked 96% lean / 4% fat ground
yogurt 12 grams protein per 8 ounce low fat plain
seeds without salt toasted sunflower seed kernels
yam without salt or baked drained boiled cooked
fast foods soft cheese and lettuce taco with beef
sweeteners contains sugar and sucralose for baking
morningstar farms grillers vegan unprepared frozen
pate de foie gras smoked canned (goose liver pate)
rennin prepared with whole milk dry mix chocolate
puddings prepared with whole milk dry mix tapioca
cheese no sodium added 1% milkfat lowfat cottage
cress without salt drained boiled cooked garden
yardlong bean without salt drained boiled cooked
cereals ready-to-eat fruity cheerios general mills
soybeans stir-fried cooked sprouted mature seeds
yogurt lowfat flavors other than chocolate frozen
fruit juice smoothie strawberry banana naked juice
peaches stewed sulfured dehydrated (low-moisture)
turkey from whole simmered cooked meat only neck
pasta mix unprepared classic cheeseburger macaroni
pepperidge farm whole grain honey whole wheat bread
cereals ready-to-eat mother's cocoa bumpers quaker
cereals ready-to-eat quaker whole hearts oat cereal
kashi spicy black bean enchilada unprepared frozen
mushrooms with salt drained boiled cooked white
lamb raw tongue - swiss cut imported new zealand
lambsquarters without salt drained boiled cooked
usda commodity cooked frozen patties (100%) beef
campbell's chunky creamy chicken and dumplings soup
vitasoy usa vitasoy organic creamy original soymilk
beverages prepared with whole milk chocolate syrup
mcdonald's premium grilled chicken classic sandwich
pizza hut 14" super supreme pizza hand-tossed crust
snacks made from garden vegetables vegetable chips
turnip greens without salt drained boiled cooked
cereals ready-to-eat fruity dyno-bites malt-o-meal
cookies with raisins prepared from recipe oatmeal
margarine-like tub fat-free vegetable oil spread
udi's soft & hearty whole grain bread gluten free
cereals ready-to-eat golden grahams general mills
turnips with salt drained boiled cooked frozen
snacks chocolate coated with coconut granola bar
fast foods with cheese and sausage english muffin
salad dressing with salt regular mayonnaise type
beans unprepared all styles frozen yellow snap
morningstar farms buffalo wings unprepared frozen
biscuits prepared from recipe plain or buttermilk
schar classic white bread wheat-free gluten-free
sausage smoked with cheddar cheese pork and beef
chard without salt drained boiled cooked swiss
waffles ready-to-heat frozen lowfat whole wheat
snacks light (baked with less oil) tortilla chips
beverages diet berry blend v8 splash juice drinks
chicken breast tenders microwaved cooked breaded
candies prepared-from-recipe peanut butter fudge
asparagus solids and liquids regular pack canned
babyfood junior vanilla custard pudding dessert
shortening frying (heavy duty) palm (hydrogenated)
babyfood strained cherry vanilla pudding dessert
t.g.i. friday's from kid's menu macaroni & cheese
pepperidge farm whole grain 100% whole wheat bread
pork loin lean only raw bone-in backribs fresh
soup ready-to-serve beef broth or bouillon canned
soup ready-to-serve chunky canned bean with ham
alcoholic beverage pinot blanc white table wine
fast foods regular patty; plain hamburger; single
soup ready-to-serve canned chicken and vegetable
keebler country style oatmeal cookies with raisins
cheese puffs and twists low fat baked corn based
beef raw intermuscular fat imported new zealand
kale without salt drained boiled cooked frozen
kellogg's eggo lowfat blueberry nutri-grain waffles
yogurt 9 grams protein per 8 ounce low fat fruit
beverages diet lemon decaffeinated instant tea
campbell's calcium enriched v8 v8 vegetable juice
candies hershey's milk chocolate with almond bites
rudi's original sandwich bread gluten-free bakery
mollusks moist heat cooked wild eastern oyster
squash with salt baked cooked butternut winter
cereals ready-to-eat chocolate chex general mills
veal braised cooked separable lean only sirloin
veal roasted cooked separable lean only sirloin
pears solids and liquids heavy syrup pack canned
mountain yam without salt steamed cooked hawaii
campbell's red and white condensed green pea soup
cake prepared from recipe without frosting yellow
campbell's homestyle harvest tomato with basil soup
burdock root without salt drained boiled cooked
babyfood prepared with whole milk oatmeal cereal
pie crust ready crust graham cracker cookie-type
chicken fried cooked giblets broilers or fryers
onion rings unprepared frozen par fried breaded
babyfood with tomato sauce cheese filled ravioli
crackers sandwich-type with cheese filling cheese
chicken breast meat only bbq rotisserie broiler
carrots with salt drained boiled cooked frozen
mung beans with salt boiled cooked mature seeds
pork unheated boneless separable fat ham cured
lentils without salt boiled cooked mature seeds
crustaceans cooked (not previously frozen) shrimp
pizza cooked frozen rising crust cheese topping
tomato products with tomato tidbits sauce canned
fish raw (alaska native) mixed species whitefish
protein supplement powder muscle milk milk based
apricots with added sugar stewed sulfured dried
apricot nectar without added ascorbic acid canned
amaranth leaves with salt drained boiled cooked
ice creams french vanilla no sugar added breyers
beverages orange pineapple v8 splash juice drinks
tomatoes packed in tomato juice canned ripe red
snacks peanut butter uncoated soft granola bars
cereals ready-to-eat cocoa dyno-bites malt-o-meal
apples stewed sulfured dehydrated (low moisture)
seal dried (alaska native) meat bearded (oogruk)
campbell's homestyle light new england clam chowder
soup prepared with water mix dry chicken noodle
chicken meat only thigh bbq rotisserie broiler
morningstar farms corn dog mini unprepared frozen
goose roasted cooked meat and skin domesticated
domino's 14" cheese pizza ultimate deep dish crust
rice dry unenriched parboiled long-grain white
cereals dry banana bread instant oatmeal quaker
ice cream bar with crunch coating stick or nugget
campbell's low sodium soups cream of mushroom soup
soup prepared with water dry chicken broth cubes
sauce ready-to-serve basil pesto classico pesto
pie unenriched flour commercially prepared apple
pork raw separable lean and fat spareribs fresh
restaurant breaded and fried shrimp family style
kale without salt drained boiled cooked scotch
waterchestnuts solids and liquids canned chinese
candies skittles sours original mars snackfood us
cereals ready-to-eat fiber 7 flakes health valley
restaurant chili with meat and beans family style
mcdonald's mcchicken sandwich (without mayonnaise)
cake prepared from recipe biscuit-type shortcake
babyfood strained applesauce and pineapple fruit
restaurant chicken parmesan without pasta italian
soybeans with salt drained boiled cooked green
veal roasted cooked separable lean and fat loin
veal braised cooked separable lean and fat loin
keebler chocolate malt chunk cookies chips deluxe
keebler dark chocolate chunk cookies chips deluxe
wheat flour bleached enriched all-purpose white
cereals ready-to-eat rice crunchins general mills
beverages unsweetened decaffeinated instant tea
beverages no caffeine lemon-lime soda carbonated
pizza hut 14" pepperoni pizza thin 'n crispy crust
carrabba's italian grill spaghetti with meat sauce
lamb cooked seam fat fresh imported australian
babyfood gerber graduate fruit splashers beverage
cereals ready-to-eat honey nut o's cascadian farm
pears without added sugar stewed sulfured dried
lentils without salt stir-fried cooked sprouted
cereals ready-to-eat honey nut chex general mills
campbell's red and white condensed vegetable soup
snacks unsalted buckwheat brown rice rice cakes
mcdonald's premium crispy chicken classic sandwich
lamb raw intermuscular fat imported new zealand
beverages low calorie gatorade g2 pepsico quaker
caribou cooked (alaska native) meat hind quarter
snacks traditional flavor chex mix general mills
cabbage without salt drained boiled cooked red
beverages canned pineapple and orange juice drink
pie no-bake type prepared from mix coconut cream
kfc skin and breading extra crispy fried chicken
cabbage with salt drained boiled cooked common
okra without salt drained boiled cooked frozen
cereals ready-to-eat kellogg's product 19 kellogg
turkey roasted meat only from whole bird breast
turkey raw meat and skin drumstick retail parts
puddings with added oil regular dry mix vanilla
campbell's soup on the go new england clam chowder
kellogg's gingerbread toaster pastries pop-tarts
cereals ready-to-eat reese's puffs general mills
salad dressing fat-free thousand island dressing
worthington multigrain cutlets unprepared canned
worthington low fat veja-links unprepared canned
fish cooked (not previously frozen) pacific cod
fish raw (not previously frozen) alaska pollock
apples heated drained sliced sweetened canned
worthington smoked turkey roll unprepared frozen
bread toasted commercially prepared whole-wheat
veal raw pancreas variety meats and by-products
lamb raw pancreas variety meats and by-products
sweet potato leaves without salt steamed cooked
crackers rye (includes pumpernickel) melba toast
cereals dry farina hot wheat cereal malt-o-meal
alcoholic beverage prepared-from-recipe daiquiri
morningstar farms chik patties unprepared frozen
cookies unenriched commercially prepared butter
cookies without lemon juice and rind ladyfingers
beverages glacial natural spring water icelandic
soup dry low sodium bouillon cubes and granules
grapefruit all areas pink and red and white raw
bread toasted (includes whole-grain) multi-grain
cereals dry butter flavor instant grits quaker
beverages cran raspberry juice drink ocean spray
mothbeans with salt boiled cooked mature seeds
squash without salt baked cooked acorn winter
candies goobers chocolate covered peanuts nestle
peppers unprepared chopped frozen green sweet
babyfood mango and kiwi apple 3rd foods gerber
desserts prepared-from-recipe baked egg custard
hot pockets ham 'n cheese stuffed sandwich frozen
pork sausage microwaved fully cooked link/patty
cookies soft-type commercially prepared oatmeal
rice cooked enriched regular long-grain white
beverages diet lemon ready-to-drink black tea
usda commodity pears drained light syrup canned
fast foods and bacon cheese with egg croissant
babyfood strained orange fruit pudding dessert
oscar mayer braunschweiger liver sausage (sliced)
beverages diet peach ready-to-drink black tea
soup ready-to-serve chunky canned chicken rice
burger king croissan'wich with sausage and cheese
cake prepared from recipe without frosting white
beverages strawberry kiwi v8 splash juice drinks
alcoholic beverage fume blanc white table wine
murray chocolate chip & pecan cookies sugar free
babyfood strained applesauce and cherries fruit
babyfood strained applesauce and apricots fruit
cookies cake-type (includes trolley cakes) fudge
kashi pizza unprepared frozen roasted vegetable
kellogg's original waffles thick & fluffy eggo
veal braised cooked separable lean and fat rib
veal roasted cooked separable lean and fat rib
pie no-bake type prepared from mix banana cream
crustaceans moist heat cooked northern lobster
cereals ready-to-eat cinnamon chex general mills
beef raw pancreas variety meats and by-products
cereals ready-to-eat colossal crunch malt-o-meal
cereals ready-to-eat tootie fruities malt-o-meal
veal raw separable lean and fat leg (top round)
drumstick pods with salt drained boiled cooked
fish drained solids canned in water light tuna
fish drained solids canned in water white tuna
fish liver (alaska native) chinook king salmon
figs solids and liquids light syrup pack canned
ice cream sandwich no sugar added light vanilla
pork raw separable lean and fat backribs fresh
sweeteners saccharin (sodium saccharin) tabletop
fish plain (alaska native) pacific herring eggs
babyfood prepared with whole milk barley cereal
tangerines juice pack canned (mandarin oranges)
pork cooked lean and fat low sodium ham cured
cereals ready-to-eat kellogg's special k kellogg
cereals ready-to-eat kellogg's corn pops kellogg
keebler holiday merry mint patties fudge shoppe
turkey roasted meat only from whole bird thigh
gravy fat free slow roast beef franco-american
snacks 90 calorie bar chewy quaker granola bar
chayote with salt drained boiled cooked fruit
lupins without salt boiled cooked mature seeds
turnover frozen meat and cheese filled with egg
beet greens without salt drained boiled cooked
turkey raw with added solution meat only whole
keebler garlic herb crackers toppers town house
campbell's red and white condensed beef consomme
doughnuts sugared or glazed chocolate cake-type
restaurant arroz con leche (rice pudding) latino
hormel always tender fresh pork center cut chops
nuts with salt added dry roasted macadamia nuts
worthington vegetable skallops unprepared canned
beef raw select separable lean and fat carcass
beef raw choice separable lean and fat carcass
keebler peanut creme filled cookies fudge shoppe
keebler triple fudge filled cookies fudge shoppe
keebler fudge-dipped ice cream cups fudge shoppe
archway home style cookies old fashioned molasses
plums without added sugar stewed dried (prunes)
nuts with salt added dry roasted pistachio nuts
peas without salt drained boiled cooked green
peas without salt drained boiled edible-podded
pork raw separable lean only whole loin fresh
nuts without salt added dry roasted cashew nuts
nuts without salt added oil roasted cashew nuts
chicken meat only wing bbq rotisserie broiler
usda commodity chicken drained meat only canned
beans microwaved all styles frozen green snap
beans unprepared all styles frozen green snap
mushroom raw exposed to ultraviolet light white
duck roasted cooked meat and skin domesticated
candies cocoavia chocolate bar mars snackfood us
beverages prepared with tap water brewed coffee
fish breaded and fried cooked atlantic croaker
crackers multi-seeded and multigrain gluten-free
cookies baked refrigerated dough chocolate chip
beverages unsweetened ready to drink green tea
cereals ready-to-eat count chocula general mills
murray vanilla creme sandwich cookies sugar free
leeks freeze-dried (bulb and lower-leaf portion)
soup condensed canned new england clam chowder
pork crumbles cooked 84% lean / 16% fat ground
pork crumbles cooked 72% lean / 28% fat ground
beverages brewed other than chamomile herb tea
campbell's red and white condensed chicken broth
kellogg's chocolate chip fiberplus waffles eggo
alcoholic beverage petite sirah red table wine
mcdonald's bacon ranch salad with grilled chicken
ground turkey broiled patties 15% fat 85% lean
soup condensed canned vegetable with beef broth
beef raw subcutaneous fat imported new zealand
puddings with added oil instant dry mix banana
spinach solids and liquids no salt added canned
rennin prepared with whole milk dry mix vanilla
waffle toasted ready-to-heat frozen buttermilk
alcoholic beverage chardonnay white table wine
fruit juice smoothie berry boost bolthouse farms
keebler mini chocolate chip cookies chips deluxe
archway home style cookies chocolate chip ice box
pie crust baked prepared dry mix standard-type
peaches with added sugar stewed sulfured dried
refried beans reduced sodium traditional canned
peas drained solids no salt added canned green
candies milky way midnight bar mars snackfood us
oil (partially hydrogenated) linoleic sunflower
keebler vanilla jumbo fudge sticks fudge shoppe
crustaceans moist heat cooked alaska king crab
usda commodity raw frozen beef patties with vpp
potatoes with salt flesh cooked in skin boiled
taco bell cheese and lettuce soft taco with beef
campbell's red and white condensed tomato bisque
cauliflower without salt drained boiled cooked
lamb raw  85% lean / 15% fat ground australian
lamb raw subcutaneous fat imported new zealand
soup canned healthy choice chicken and rice soup
soup canned healthy choice garden vegetable soup
cereals dry regular white hominy grits quaker
pumpkin leaves with salt drained boiled cooked
pasta mix unprepared italian four cheese lasagna
carrots solids and liquids no salt added canned
cabbage with salt drained boiled cooked savoy
puddings with added oil regular dry mix banana
turkey raw meat only from whole bird drumstick
school lunch whole grain breaded chicken nuggets
tomato products without salt added puree canned
tomato products without salt added paste canned
turnip greens with salt drained boiled cooked
yam with salt or baked drained boiled cooked
yardlong bean with salt drained boiled cooked
noodles with added salt unenriched cooked egg
bamboo shoots with salt drained boiled cooked
mollusks dry heat cooked wild eastern oyster
crustaceans raw farmed mixed species crayfish
bread toasted prepared from recipe whole-wheat
cereals ready-to-eat cookie crisp general mills
cereals ready-to-eat quaker crunchy bran quaker
chicken breast sliced mesquite flavor fat-free
chicken raw meat only back broilers or fryers
pork pan-fried cooked pre-sliced bacon cured
fish dry heat cooked mixed species yellowtail
pepperidge farm farmhouse 100% whole wheat bread
cereals ready-to-eat kashi 7 whole grain nuggets
cereals ready-to-eat weetabix whole grain cereal
beverages ready-to-drink muscle milk cytosport
fast foods and beef cheese with beans burrito
peas solids and liquids seasoned canned green
fish breaded and fried cooked channel catfish
cookies pecan commercially prepared shortbread
cookies plain commercially prepared shortbread
ham packaged (96% fat free water added) sliced
cornmeal enriched degermed self-rising yellow
beverages ready-to-drink chocolate almond milk
morningstar farms bbq riblets unprepared frozen
peppers solids and liquids canned green sweet
pizza cooked frozen thin crust cheese topping
cereals ready-to-eat original barbara's puffins
turkey roasted skin from whole (light and dark)
potatoes whole milk added home-prepared mashed
rice dry enriched parboiled long-grain white
beverages powder decaffeinated instant coffee
lamb raw kidneys variety meats and by-products
veal raw kidneys variety meats and by-products
babyfood junior cherry vanilla pudding dessert
chicken roasted cooked meat and skin roasting
mollusks steamed cooked (bay and sea) scallop
cereals ready-to-eat frosted flakes malt-o-meal
beverages shelf stable unsweetened almond milk
cereals ready-to-eat frankenberry general mills
beverages dannon non-carbonated bottled water
pillsbury refrigerated dough crusty french loaf
cracker barrel fried chicken tenderloin platter
candies dietetic or low calorie (sorbitol) hard
lemon juice single strength unsweetened frozen
keebler honey wheat snack sticks club crackers
babyfood strained vegetables and turkey dinner
cereals ready-to-eat quaker puffed wheat quaker
ground turkey broiled patties 7% fat 93% lean
soup condensed canned mushroom with beef stock
cake prepared from recipe pineapple upside-down
kellogg's chocolate chip mini muffin tops eggo
lemon juice from concentrate real lemon bottled
desserts prepared-from-recipe chocolate mousse
potatoes home-prepared with margarine scalloped
campbell's chunky soups hearty bean 'n' ham soup
frozen novelties no sugar added fruit ice type
rennin prepared with 2% milk dry mix chocolate
restaurant fried mozzarella sticks family style
keebler cheese & peanut butter sandwich crackers
beverages powder sweetened lemon instant tea
pie enriched flour commercially prepared apple
infant formula powder store brand pbm products
peach nectar without added ascorbic acid canned
jute with salt drained boiled cooked potherb
cress with salt drained boiled cooked garden
lotus root without salt drained boiled cooked
murray coconut bars cookies cookie jar classics
carrots solids and liquids regular pack canned
fish raw (alaska native) king (chinook) salmon
beverages prepared with water powder cocoa mix
cream puff iced custard or cream filled eclair
babyfood prepared with whole milk mixed cereal
muffin low-fat commercially prepared blueberry
salad dressing reduced calorie italian dressing
cream light (coffee cream or table cream) fluid
turkey roasted meat only from whole bird back
prairie turnips boiled (northern plains indians)
yogurt with low calorie sweetener lowfat fruit
meat drippings (lard beef tallow mutton tallow)
pork heated boneless separable fat ham cured
gravy ready-to-serve canned or bottled chicken
lima beans raw mature seeds thin seeded (baby)
frozen novelties popsicle scribblers juice type
ice creams butter pecan no sugar added breyers
loma linda low fat big franks unprepared canned
beverages tropical blend v8 splash juice drinks
keebler multigrain crackers toppers town house
salad dressing milk cream imitation mayonnaise
apples with added sugar stewed sulfured dried
alcoholic beverage budweiser select light beer
seal raw (alaska native) meat bearded (oogruk)
worthington vegetarian burger unprepared canned
sweet potato without salt baked cooked frozen
soup ready-to-serve canned beef and vegetables
beverages canned orange and apricot juice drink
usda commodity pears drained juice pack canned
keebler bite-size chocolate chip grahams gripz
chicken raw meat only neck broilers or fryers
pork sausage unprepared reduced fat link/patty
artichokes unprepared frozen (globe or french)
cereals regular instant oatmeal organic quaker
rice unenriched raw regular long-grain white
fast foods french fried in vegetable oil potato
bacon unprepared reduced/low sodium pre-sliced
kraft cheez whiz pasteurized process cheese sauce
beverages strawberry banana v8 splash smoothies
t.g.i. friday's from kids' menu chicken fingers
chicken raw meat only wing broilers or fryers
fast foods large patty; plain hamburger; single
pork crumbles cooked 96% lean / 4% fat ground
beverages bottled cranberry-apricot juice drink
grapefruit juice with added calcium pink or red
restaurant spaghetti and meatballs family style
spaghetti canned with meatballs in tomato sauce
lasagna with meat & sauce frozen entree low-fat
sweetener herbal extract powder from stevia leaf
babyfood junior applesauce and pineapple fruit
snacks reduced fat nacho-flavor tortilla chips
snacks made with olestra fat-free potato chips
snacks salted white corn plain tortilla chips
puddings prepared with whole milk dry mix rice
fruit juice smoothie original superfood odwalla
tofu prepared with calcium sulfate regular raw
keebler peanut butter cups cookies chips deluxe
beef raw kidneys variety meats and by-products
soybeans steamed cooked sprouted mature seeds
spinach solids and liquids regular pack canned
puddings prepared with 2% milk dry mix tapioca
turkey from whole raw meat and skin light meat
soybeans with salt boiled cooked mature seeds
mollusks moist heat cooked mixed species clam
cereals ready-to-eat raisin bran cereal malt-o-meal
radishes with salt drained boiled cooked oriental
turkey roasted with added solution meat only whole
oil (over 70%) linoleic salad or cooking safflower
shortening bread soybean (hydrogenated) and cottonseed
seeds with salt added toasted sunflower seed kernels
squash with salt baked cooked all varieties winter
ice creams all natural light french chocolate breyers
pork sausage pan-fried cooked reduced fat link/patty
beef fast fried cooked knuckle imported new zealand
oil (partially hydrogenated) salad or cooking soybean
turkey 97% fat-free lemon pepper flavor smoked breast
cereals dry peach almond real medleys oatmeal quaker
applesauce with added ascorbic acid unsweetened canned
soup prepared with equal volume water canned green pea
beef baked cooked loaf 85% lean meat / 15% fat ground
candies m&m's peanut chocolate candies mars snackfood us
whipped cream substitute made from powdered mix dietetic
gooseberries solids and liquids light syrup pack canned
cereals ready-to-eat golden maple quaker oatmeal squares
beef baked cooked loaf 70% lean meat / 30% fat ground
campbell's chunky soups beef with country vegetables soup
supper bakes meal kits creamy stroganoff sauce with pasta
puddings prepared with 2% milk regular dry mix vanilla
soup prepared with equal volume water canned chili beef
new zealand spinach without salt drained boiled cooked
squash with salt mashed boiled cooked hubbard winter
campbell's chunky soups old fashioned vegetable beef soup
beverages dairy based. powder natural malted drink mix
cereals dry apples and cinnamon instant oatmeal quaker
cereals cinnamon weight control instant oatmeal quaker
veal raw separable fat composite of trimmed retail cuts
hungry man unprepared frozen salisbury steak with gravy
turkey bone removed with skin cooked smoked drumstick
mustard greens with salt drained boiled cooked frozen
campbell's condensed 98% fat free cream of mushroom soup
cake with vanilla frosting commercially prepared yellow
game meat broiled cooked separable lean only loin elk
salad dressing without salt reduced fat french dressing
cookies with creme filling vanilla sandwich gluten-free
peppers without salt drained boiled cooked red sweet
campbell's red and white condensed phineas and ferb soup
corn without salt drained boiled cooked yellow sweet
turkey ham prepackaged or deli-sliced extra lean sliced
chrysanthemum with salt drained boiled cooked garland
beverages diet decaffeinated ready to drink black tea
cereals ready-to-eat kashi golean vanilla graham clusters
cereals ready-to-eat kellogg's special k chocolate almond
chicken raw meat and skin drumstick broilers or fryers
infant formula powder protect plus good start 2 gerber
beef raw all grades separable lean only whole brisket
turkey roasted with added solution meat and skin whole
keebler original pretzel crackers flipsides town house
beans without salt drained boiled cooked yellow snap
babyfood toddler beef and tomato sauce macaroni dinner
hormel always tender peppercorn-flavored pork tenderloin
beef baked cooked loaf 80% lean meat / 20% fat ground
cereals ready-to-eat kellogg's all-bran original kellogg
pork raw separable lean and fat whole leg (ham) fresh
snacks terra chips hain celestial group vegetable chips
keebler dark chocolate almond shortbread cookies sandies
alcoholic beverage prepared from item 14028 whiskey sour
soup prepared with equal volume milk canned oyster stew
candies m&m's almond chocolate candies mars snackfood us
elk cooked patties (shoshone bannock) ground free range
crackers sandwich-type with peanut butter filling cheese
grapefruit juice ocean spray unsweetened bottled white
chicken fried cooked meat only leg broilers or fryers
succotash with cream style corn canned (corn and limas)
beans drained solids no salt added canned yellow snap
strawberries solids and liquids heavy syrup pack canned
campbell's condensed 98% fat free cream of broccoli soup
squash without salt baked cooked all varieties winter
yardlong beans without salt boiled cooked mature seeds
beverages canned with added nutrients fruit punch drink
cereals ready-to-eat cinnamon toast crunch general mills
gelatin desserts with aspartame reduced calorie dry mix
potatoes without salt flesh cooked without skin boiled
tortillas without added salt corn ready-to-bake or -fry
restaurant from kid's menu chicken fingers family style
chicken raw meat and skin and giblets and neck roasting
chicken drumstick meat and skin bbq rotisserie broiler
crackers reduced fat peanut butter filled sandwich-type
potatoes dry form granules with milk dehydrated mashed
babyfood dry with apple and orange high protein cereal
peas and carrots solids and liquids regular pack canned
chicken raw and giblets and neck meat and skin stewing
pork raw separable lean and fat boneless leg cap steak
campbell's red and white condensed chicken alphabet soup
morningstar farms sesame chik'n entree unprepared frozen
morningstar farms buffalo chik patties unprepared frozen
toaster pastries strawberry kellogg's pop tarts kellogg
pancakes incomplete (includes buttermilk) dry mix plain
cereals dry ham 'n' cheese flavor instant grits quaker
nuts with salt added unflavored wheat-based formulated
soup prepared with equal volume water canned minestrone
subway meatball marinara sub on white bread (no toppings)
coffeecake prepared dry mix cinnamon with crumb topping
cowpeas without salt drained boiled cooked leafy tips
milk without added vitamin a and vitamin d 1% fat fluid
soup prepared with equal volume water canned black bean
cereals without salt cooked with water enriched farina
hyacinth beans without salt boiled cooked mature seeds
bread frozen commercially prepared whole wheat paratha
sweet potatoes unprepared frozen crosscut french fried
potatoes unprepared frozen french fried yellow fleshed
cereals ready-to-eat mother's cinnamon oat crunch quaker
cheese fat-free cheddar or american pasteurized process
cauliflower without salt drained boiled cooked frozen
beverages milk based mocha iced ready to drink coffee
macaroni and cheese unprepared box mix with cheese sauce
pork unheated canned extra lean and regular ham cured
archway home style cookies old fashioned windmill cookies
snacks mixed flavors crunchy kashi tlc bar granola bar
beverages lemon ready-to-drink black tea lipton brisk
macaroni or noodles with cheese unprepared microwaveable
chicken raw meat and skin dark meat broilers or fryers
turkey roasted cooked meat and skin wing retail parts
udi's soft & delicious white sandwich bread gluten free
beans without salt boiled cooked mature seeds yellow
vitasoy usa organic nasoya sprouted tofu plus super firm
kellogg's frosted wild grape toaster pastries pop-tarts
beverages crystal geyser non-carbonated bottled water
fast foods and sausage cheese with egg english muffin
beef raw select separable lean and fat chuck for stew
beef raw choice separable lean and fat chuck for stew
cereals ready-to-eat special k vanilla almond kellogg's
pork raw separable lean and fat whole shoulder fresh
cheese product reduced fat cheddar pasteurized process
beef baked cooked loaf 95% lean meat / 5% fat ground
turkey roasted cooked meat and skin back all classes
beans without salt drained boiled cooked green snap
cookies made with margarine prepared from recipe sugar
kraft cheez whiz light pasteurized process cheese product
usda commodity cooked frozen fine/coarse ground pork
puddings prepared with 2% milk regular dry mix banana
fish raw (may have been previously frozen) pacific cod
turnip greens with salt drained boiled cooked frozen
campbell's condensed 98% fat free cream of chicken soup
babyfood without added fluoride. gerber bottled water
corn without salt drained boiled cooked white sweet
pie crust enriched ready-to-bake frozen standard-type
beef baked cooked loaf 97% lean meat / 3% fat ground
corn drained solids whole kernel canned yellow sweet
cereals dry country bacon flavor instant grits quaker
cereals ready-to-eat frosted toast crunch general mills
chicken roasted cooked meat only light meat roasting
pork unheated separable lean and fat whole ham cured
beef raw  external fat grass-fed imported australian
campbell's red and white condensed cream of shrimp soup
campbell's condensed chicken with rice healthy request
cereals ready-to-eat organic promise autumn wheat kashi
keebler dark chocolate cheesecake middles fudge shoppe
potatoes prepared with butter sauce frozen hash brown
mission foods 8 inch soft taco mission flour tortillas
puddings dry mix instant low calorie chocolate flavor
beef raw choice separable lean and fat shortribs rib
cookies sugar free commercially prepared peanut butter
cereals ready-to-eat post great grains banana nut crunch
soup reduced sodium condensed canned cream of chicken
cereals dry summer berry real medleys oatmeal quaker
cereals dry apple walnut real medleys oatmeal quaker
campbell's essential antioxidants v8 v8 vegetable juice
soup prepared with water powder beef broth or bouillon
campbell's condensed chicken noodle soup red and white
nuts smoke flavor with salt added oil roasted almonds
turkey breast roasted cooked meat and skin pre-basted
turkey roasted cooked meat and skin wing all classes
fast foods and bacon cheese egg griddle cake sandwich
salad dressing reduced fat commercial italian dressing
cereals ready-to-eat warm cinnamon kashi heart to heart
cereals ready-to-eat banana nut cheerios general mills
campbell's chunky soups old fashioned potato ham chowder
pears solids and liquids extra light syrup pack canned
pears solids and liquids extra heavy syrup pack canned
sweet rolls commercially prepared with raisins cinnamon
lettuce raw butterhead (includes boston and bibb types)
onions with salt drained boiled cooked whole frozen
pillsbury grands refrigerated dough buttermilk biscuits
peppers with salt drained boiled cooked green sweet
onions raw spring or scallions (includes tops and bulb)
puddings dry mix regular low calorie chocolate flavor
sour dressing filled cream-type cultured non-butterfat
margarine-like spread smart balance light buttery spread
campbell's soup on the go chicken with mini noodles soup
pepperidge farm parmesan baked snack crackers goldfish
pepperidge farm original baked snack crackers goldfish
spaghetti enriched (n x 6.25) cooked protein-fortified
campbell's red and white condensed bean with bacon soup
babyfood dry fortified with apples whole wheat cereal
protein supplement powder muscle milk light milk based
oil woks and light frying canola for salads industrial
beans drained solids no salt added canned green snap
worthington meatless corned beef roll unprepared frozen
snacks mixed flavors crunchy kashi golean granola bar
snacks confectioners coating almond soft granola bars
soup ready to serve traditional beef barley progresso
prego pasta ready-to-serve zesty mushroom italian sauce
soup prepared with equal volume milk canned green pea
babyfood junior noodles and chicken vegetables dinner
child formula ready-to-feed pediasure abbott nutrition
prego pasta ready-to-serve fresh mushroom italian sauce
prego pasta ready-to-serve garlic supreme italian sauce
beans drained solids regular pack canned yellow snap
candies cocoavia crispy chocolate bar mars snackfood us
toaster pastries blueberry kellogg's pop tarts kellogg
milk calcium fortified (fat free or skim) nonfat fluid
cracker barrel from kid's menu macaroni n' cheese plate
cowpeas with salt boiled cooked mature seeds catjang
seeds type of kernels unspecified tahini sesame butter
cereals ready-to-eat kashi golean crisp cinnamon crumble
campbell's red and white condensed broccoli cheese soup
oscar mayer smokies sausage little cheese (pork turkey)
cookies soft-type commercially prepared chocolate chip
potatoes without salt flesh cooked in skin microwaved
soup prepared with water dry chicken broth or bouillon
cereals ready-to-eat multi-grain cheerios general mills
soup condensed canned beef broth bouillon and consomme
beef baked cooked loaf 93% lean meat / 7% fat ground
smoked link sausage nonfat dry milk added pork and beef
puddings prepared with 2% milk instant dry mix banana
soup ready-to-serve chunky canned split with ham pea
pork raw pancreas variety meats and by-products fresh
cookies reduced fat vanilla sandwich with creme filling
pork raw leaf fat variety meats and by-products fresh
radishes without salt drained boiled cooked oriental
fish pacific (alaska native) herring eggs on giant kelp
veal roasted cooked separable lean only arm shoulder
veal braised cooked separable lean only arm shoulder
veal grilled cooked separable lean and fat chop loin
beverages prepared with water unsweetened instant tea
keebler reduced fat graham pie crust (10") ready crust
campbell's red and white condensed golden mushroom soup
cereals ready-to-eat multi-grain squares cascadian farm
lamb braised cooked ground lamb imported new zealand
beans without salt boiled cooked mature seeds french
beans without salt boiled cooked mature seeds adzuki
pork roasted canned extra lean and regular ham cured
little caesars 14" pepperoni pizza large deep dish crust
campbell's red and white condensed chicken won ton soup
margarine without salt tub composite 80% fat regular
campbell's red and white condensed cream of celery soup
alcoholic beverage 34 proof coffee with cream liqueur
english muffins toasted (includes granola) mixed-grain
salad dressing regular commercial peppercorn dressing
margarine-like with salt 20% fat vegetable oil spread
turkey roasted cooked meat only breast retail parts
veal raw separable lean and fat shank (fore and hind)
kashi italian vegetable medley pasta unprepared frozen
doughnuts chocolate-coated or frosted plain cake-type
lemonade prepared with water white frozen concentrate
oil for woks and light frying refined soy industrial
fast foods round pieces or patty hash browns potatoes
sweet potato without salt flesh baked in skin cooked
infant formula ready-to-feed store brand pbm products
bread made with margarine prepared from recipe banana
beans drained solids regular pack canned green snap
turkey roasted cooked meat and skin leg all classes
beans drained solids canned mature seeds red kidney
keebler cheese pretzel crackers flipsides town house
cookies special dietary commercially prepared oatmeal
soup ready to serve less/reduced sodium chicken broth
peas rinsed in tap water drained solids canned green
soymilk vitamins a and d with added calcium chocolate
sausage  lower sodium italian style chicken or turkey
campbell's condensed 98% fat free cream of celery soup
campbell's condensed 98% fat free broccoli cheese soup
asparagus without salt drained boiled cooked frozen
sunshine reduced fat 100 calorie right bites cheez-it
finger snacks apple and cinnamon gerber graduate puffs
kashi pizza unprepared frozen mushroom trio & spinach
campbell's homestyle mexican style chicken tortilla soup
bread no salt low sodium commercially prepared white
corn drained solids whole kernel canned white sweet
beverages prepared with water regular instant coffee
beverages restaurant-prepared espresso brewed coffee
sunshine duoz sharp cheddar parmesan crackers cheez-it
lima beans unprepared fordhook frozen immature seeds
cereals ready-to-eat apple cinnamon chex general mills
beans without salt boiled cooked mature seeds white
campbell's red and white condensed beefy mushroom soup
candies m&m's milk chocolate candies mars snackfood us
pillsbury refrigerated dough cinnamon rolls with icing
infant formula powder protect plus good start gerber
chicken raw meat and skin and giblets and neck capons
fish dry heat cooked mixed species pacific rockfish
agutuk meat-caribou (alaskan ice cream) (alaska native)
pancakes complete (includes buttermilk) dry mix plain
babyfood strained guava and papaya with tapioca fruit
babyfood strained bananas with apples and pears fruit
pork raw stomach variety meats and by-products fresh
flan prepared with whole milk dry mix caramel custard
beverages sweetened lemon decaffeinated instant tea
pickles sweet with cauliflower onion mustard chowchow
beverages sweetened milk based ready to drink coffee
babyfood toddlers mashed cheddar potatoes and broccoli
turkey thigh roasted cooked meat and skin pre-basted
alcoholic beverage cabernet sauvignon red table wine
cereals dry 10 minute cooking regular cream of wheat
babyfood strained macaroni and tomato and beef dinner
squash with salt mashed boiled cooked acorn winter
cereals ready-to-eat chocolate cheerios general mills
campbell's red and white condensed cream of onion soup
sauce soy sauce water made from peanut butter peanut
cookie with chocolate icing or filling butter or sugar
cereals ready-to-eat berry colossal crunch malt-o-meal
kashi frozen entree chicken enchilada with ancho sauce
beverages whey and milk based chocolate-flavored drink
soup ready-to-serve reduced sodium canned minestrone
figs solids and liquids extra heavy syrup pack canned
babyfood prepared with whole milk high protein cereal
orange juice undiluted unsweetened frozen concentrate
beans without salt boiled cooked mature seeds black
pepperidge farm cheddar baked snack crackers goldfish
yogurt fortified with vitamin d nonfat milk chocolate
fish (alaska native) kippered with skin king salmon
frozen novelties slim-a-bear vanilla sandwich klondike
ice creams vanilla fudge twirl no sugar added breyers
infant formula powder gentle plus gerber good start 2
cereals ready-to-eat fruit & yogurt special k kellogg
restaurant pupusas con frijoles (pupusas bean) latino
hormel always tender teriyaki-flavored pork tenderloin
babyfood toddler spaghetti and tomato and meat dinner
beans without salt boiled cooked mature seeds pinto
snacks mixed flavors chewy kashi tlc bar granola bar
oil filling fat palm kernel (hydrogenated) industrial
cereals dry quaker/mother's oat bran oat bran quaker
prego pasta ready-to-serve mini meatball italian sauce
beverages with added ascorbic acid lemon instant tea
cookies soft-type commercially prepared peanut butter
austin sandwich-type cheddar cheese on cheese crackers
austin sandwich-type chocolatey peanut butter crackers
infant formula powder with iron enfamil mead johnson
sunshine cheez-it mixx and cheesy pizza crackers gripz
campbell's homestyle chicken with white & wild rice soup
winged beans without salt boiled cooked mature seeds
cookies regular with creme filling chocolate sandwich
frozen novelties restaurant-prepared italian ice type
potatoes without salt skin cooked in skin microwaved
lamb cooked separable fat fresh imported australian
fish bones removed (alaska native) canned red salmon
infant formula powder gentlease enfamil mead johnson
chicken roasted cooked meat only dark meat roasting
cake chocolate with frosting creme-filled snack cakes
pork raw kidneys variety meats and by-products fresh
sauce ready to serve mild red enchilada old el paso
mushrooms raw exposed to ultraviolet light portabella
fruit juice smoothie strawberry banana bolthouse farms
margarine with salt stick composite 80% fat regular
cereals ready-to-eat 25% less sugar trix general mills
cereals ready-to-eat kellogg's cinnabon cereal kellogg
puddings prepared with 2% milk instant dry mix lemon
mollusks breaded and fried cooked mixed species clam
kellogg's egg & cheese bacon biscuit scramblers eggo
keebler peanut butter jumbo fudge sticks fudge shoppe
macaroni and cheese prepared box mix with cheese sauce
seeds without salt dry roasted sunflower seed kernels
seeds without salt oil roasted sunflower seed kernels
salad dressing light blue or roquefort cheese dressing
tangerines light syrup pack canned (mandarin oranges)
cereals ready-to-eat ralston enriched wheat bran flakes
cereals ready-to-eat frosted mini spooners malt-o-meal
wocas yellow pond lily (klamath) oregon cooked tuber
granola bar peanut butter milk chocolate coated soft
chicken roasted cooked skin only broilers or fryers
corn no salt added cream style canned yellow sweet
corn no salt added vacuum pack canned yellow sweet
corn with salt drained boiled cooked yellow sweet
brussels sprouts without salt drained boiled cooked
yogurt fortified with vitamin d nonfat fruit variety
beverages diet strawberry kiwi v8 splash juice drinks
cereals ready-to-eat honey nut cheerios general mills
cereals ready-to-eat kellogg's cocoa krispies kellogg
keebler reduced fat vienna fingers with creme filling
keebler roasted almond nut crisp crackers wheatables
soup single brand condensed canned cream of chicken
cereals ready-to-eat honey graham squares malt-o-meal
salad dressing kraft miracle whip free nonfat dressing
salad dressing kraft mayo fat free mayonnaise dressing
chicken raw meat and skin breast broilers or fryers
mungo beans without salt boiled cooked mature seeds
peas without salt boiled cooked mature seeds split
mollusks moist heat cooked mixed species cuttlefish
pork raw separable lean only whole leg (ham) fresh
beans without salt boiled cooked mature seeds pink
soup prepared with equal volume water low sodium pea
cereals ready-to-eat honey nut clusters general mills
snacks peanut butter kudos whole grain bars m&m mars
muffins toasted toaster-type with raisins wheat bran
burger king egg and cheese croissan'wich with sausage
soy protein concentrate produced by alcohol extraction
sauce peanuts sugar water made from coconut peanut
alcoholic beverage sauvignon blanc white table wine
pizza cooked frozen regular crust pepperoni topping
chicken stewed cooked meat only light meat stewing
fast foods with tartar sauce and cheese fish sandwich
fast foods plain with pickles chicken fillet sandwich
snacks kellogg's rice krispies treats squares kellogg
carrabba's italian grill spaghetti with pomodoro sauce
bread refrigerated commercially prepared plain naan
pork raw spleen variety meats and by-products fresh
corn unprepared kernels on cob frozen yellow sweet
lamb cooked external fat fresh imported australian
cereals without salt cooked with water cream of rice
yardlong beans with salt boiled cooked mature seeds
keebler soft chocolate chip cookie baker's treasures
keebler soft oatmeal raisin cookie baker's treasures
ginger root with artificial sweetener canned pickled
cowpeas with salt drained boiled cooked leafy tips
babyfood toddler potatoes with cheese and ham dinner
new zealand spinach with salt drained boiled cooked
peas with salt drained boiled cooked edible-podded
beverages canned pineapple and grapefruit juice drink
beverages sweetened lemon ready-to-drink black tea
pineapple solids and liquids heavy syrup pack canned
beans without salt boiled cooked mature seeds navy
cereals ready-to-eat special k protein plus kellogg's
keebler holiday/spiderman fudge stripes fudge shoppe
peppers with salt drained boiled cooked red sweet
game meat raw composite of cuts domesticated rabbit
cherries solids and liquids water pack canned sweet
cherries solids and liquids juice pack canned sweet
light ice cream blended with cookie pieces soft serve
orange-grapefruit juice unsweetened canned or bottled
cereals ready-to-eat kellogg's frosted flakes kellogg
seeds partially defatted (glandless) cottonseed flour
kellogg's sour cream & onion cracker chips special k
cauliflower with salt drained boiled cooked frozen
beverages peanut flavor canned meal supplement drink
turkey roasted cooked meat only thigh retail parts
apricots uncooked sulfured dehydrated (low-moisture)
loma linda tender rounds with gravy unprepared canned
usda commodity heated frozen breaded salmon nuggets
pork raw separable lean only tenderloin loin fresh
restaurant pupusas con queso (pupusas cheese) latino
beans with salt drained boiled cooked yellow snap
fish dry heat cooked mixed species freshwater bass
babyfood junior spaghetti and tomato and meat dinner
snacks mixed flavors chewy kashi golean granola bar
snacks all flavors quaker oatmeal to go granola bars
keebler reduced fat pecan shortbread cookies sandies
cereals ready-to-eat toasted multigrain crisps quaker
cereals ready-to-eat cinnamon oatmeal squares quaker
cookies without raisins prepared from recipe oatmeal
beans low sodium canned mature seeds great northern
morningstar farms grillers original unprepared frozen
babyfood toddler and vegetables rice turkey dinner
salad dressing reduced calorie honey mustard dressing
pasta with sliced franks in tomato sauce canned entree
cereals dry raisin and spice instant oatmeal quaker
austin sandwich-type cheddar cheese on wheat crackers
austin sandwich-type grilled cheese on wafer crackers
chicken meat only drumstick bbq rotisserie broiler
hyacinth beans with salt boiled cooked mature seeds
sunshine reduced fat crackers white cheddar cheez-it
beverages frozen concentrate citrus fruit juice drink
babyfood finger snacks cereal fortified baked product
chicken breast meat and skin bbq rotisserie broiler
grapefruit juice unsweetened canned or bottled white
pork unheated extra lean boneless steak ham cured
yambean (jicama) without salt drained boiled cooked
campbell's red and white condensed chicken gumbo soup
toaster pastries s'mores kellogg's pop tarts kellogg
pork raw tongue variety meats and by-products fresh
fast foods soft lettuce and cheese taco with chicken
restaurant cheese ravioli with marinara sauce italian
beef boiled cooked sweetbread imported new zealand
drumstick leaves without salt drained boiled cooked
cake prepared from recipe with coconut frosting white
subway tuna sub on white bread with lettuce and tomato
snacks chocolate chip kudos whole grain bar m&m mars
cranberry raw (alaska native) low bush or lingenberry
cereals with salt cooked with water enriched farina
cowpeas (blackeyes) unprepared frozen immature seeds
austin sandwich-type peanut butter on cheese crackers
dandelion greens without salt drained boiled cooked
veal raw separable lean and fat blade chop shoulder
jams sweetened with fruit juice marmalades preserves
campbell's chunky soups healthy request vegetable soup
soup ready-to-serve canned new england clam chowder
mushrooms without salt drained boiled cooked white
peas with salt drained boiled cooked frozen green
sweet rolls refrigerated dough with frosting cinnamon
pineapple solids and liquids light syrup pack canned
pie crust unbaked prepared from recipe standard-type
potatoes with salt flesh cooked without skin boiled
nutritional supplement for people with diabetes liquid
beverages lemonade minute maid the coca-cola company
bread salvadoran sweet cheese (quesadilla salvadorena)
chicken raw meat only light meat broilers or fryers
domino's 14" pepperoni pizza classic hand-tossed crust
austin sandwich-type cheddar cheese on wafer crackers
austin sandwich-type peanut butter on toasty crackers
campbell's condensed cream of chicken with herbs soup
chicken stewed cooked skin only broilers or fryers
corn regular pack cream style canned yellow sweet
corn regular pack vacuum pack canned yellow sweet
turkey roasted cooked meat only wing retail parts
fast foods regular patty; plain cheeseburger; double
imitation cheese low cholesterol american or cheddar
fish kippered (alaska native) (sockeye) red salmon
pork raw separable lean only whole shoulder fresh
keebler toasted pecan nut crisp crackers wheatables
ice creams chocolate caramel no sugar added breyers
mung beans without salt boiled cooked mature seeds
beans solids and liquids canned mature seeds pinto
usda commodity raw frozen fine/coarse ground pork
cornmeal enriched plain bolted self-rising yellow
beverages french vanilla cafe instant coffee kraft
chicken raw meat and skin thigh broilers or fryers
squash without salt baked cooked butternut winter
corn no salt added vacuum pack canned white sweet
corn no salt added cream style canned white sweet
corn with salt drained boiled cooked white sweet
cereals ready-to-eat kellogg's krave chocolate cereal
denny's from kid's menu star shaped chicken nuggets
cereals ready-to-eat total raisin bran general mills
juice with added ascorbic acid apple and grape blend
pasta tinkyada cooked brown rice flour gluten-free
veal grilled cooked separable lean only chop loin
rolls calcium-fortified whole grain white hamburger
chicken thigh meat and skin bbq rotisserie broiler
pork unheated separable lean only whole ham cured
pork raw brain variety meats and by-products fresh
babyfood dry fortified multigrain whole grain cereal
chicken stewed cooked meat only dark meat stewing
candies no sugar or low calorie (sorbitol) gum drops
fast foods regular patty; plain cheeseburger; triple
beverages concord grape light cranberry ocean spray
beef raw choice separable lean only shortribs rib
ground turkey pan-broiled crumbles 15% fat 85% lean
kellogg mixed berry kellog's nutri-grain cereal bars
pork raw liver variety meats and by-products fresh
pork raw lungs variety meats and by-products fresh
beverages prepared with tap water brewed black tea
mcdonald's with syrup and margarine deluxe breakfast
snacks combos snacks cheddar cheese pretzel m&m mars
soup prepared with equal volume water canned cheese
babyfood junior macaroni and tomato and beef dinner
veal roasted cooked separable lean and fat sirloin
veal braised cooked separable lean and fat sirloin
campbell's chunky soups roadhouse - beef & bean chili
game meat roasted cooked separable lean only bison
game meat roasted cooked composite of cuts beefalo
ice cream sandwich vanilla made with light ice cream
crackers whole wheat (includes multi-grain) saltines
kfc skin and breading original recipe fried chicken
fast foods regular patty; plain cheeseburger; single
beverages non-carbonated fruit-flavored propel zero
chicken simmered cooked giblets broilers or fryers
cereals ready-to-eat kellogg's rice krispies kellogg
beverages powder high protein nutritional shake mix
usda commodity food low saturated fat vegetable oil
pepperidge farm pizza baked snack crackers goldfish
peaches solids and liquids extra light syrup canned
cookies regular commercially prepared peanut butter
kashi mushroom & asparagus risotto unprepared frozen
apricots without added sugar stewed sulfured dried
cereals ready-to-eat sweetened wheat-fuls mom's best
frozen novelties slim-a-bear chocolate cone klondike
beverages guava passion fruit v8 splash juice drinks
beverages diet tropical blend v8 splash juice drinks
turkey raw with added solution meat and skin whole
frostings prepared with water dry mix fluffy white
cereals ready-to-eat honey nut toasty o's mom's best
restaurant prepared entree chicken and rice latino
beans with salt drained boiled cooked green snap
chicken raw meat only dark meat broilers or fryers
snacks all flavors reduced sugar chewy granola bar
cereals ready-to-eat quaker oat cinnamon life quaker
beans with salt boiled cooked mature seeds french
rice and vermicelli mix unprepared rice pilaf flavor
mung beans stir-fried cooked sprouted mature seeds
mcdonald's premium grilled chicken ranch blt sandwich
spaghetti enriched (n x 6.25) dry protein-fortified
salad dressing assorted flavors spray-style dressing
usda commodity with broth meat only canned chicken
usda commodity with water meat only canned chicken
wheat flour enriched self-rising all-purpose white
fish drained solids canned in oil european anchovy
beverages half the caffeine regular instant coffee
chicken roasted cooked meat only cornish game hens
snacks salt added white popcorn oil-popped popcorn
amaranth leaves without salt drained boiled cooked
corn unprepared kernels on cob frozen white sweet
rice cooked unenriched parboiled long-grain white
jellies any flavors no sugar (with sodium saccharin)
beans with salt boiled cooked mature seeds yellow
campbell's low sodium soups chicken with noodles soup
yogurt 11 grams protein per 8 ounce low fat vanilla
yogurt 13 grams protein per 8 ounce skim milk plain
yogurt 8 grams protein per 8 ounce whole milk plain
prego pasta ready-to-serve traditional italian sauce
alcoholic beverage muller thurgau white table wine
alcoholic beverage gewurztraminer white table wine
morningstar farms breakfast pattie unprepared frozen
egg glucose reduced stabilized flakes dried white
egg glucose reduced stabilized powder dried white
pumpkin flowers without salt drained boiled cooked
chicken roasted cooked skin (drumsticks and thighs)
chicken braised cooked skin (drumsticks and thighs)
cake prepared from recipe without frosting chocolate
pork raw heart variety meats and by-products fresh
pie no-bake type prepared from mix chocolate mousse
infant formula powder soy store brand pbm products
candies starburst sour fruit chews mars snackfood us
beef cooked intermuscular fat imported new zealand
keebler original chocolate chip cookies chips deluxe
cereals ready-to-eat dora the explorer general mills
soybeans without salt drained boiled cooked green
campbell's chunky healthy request chicken noodle soup
peaches uncooked sulfured dehydrated (low-moisture)
peas solids and liquids no salt added canned green
campbell's red and white condensed french onion soup
seaweed rehydrated canadian cultivated emi-tsunomata
babyfood strained sweet potatoes and chicken dinner
beverages powder breakfast type orange-flavor drink
beverages frozen concentrate fruit punch juice drink
keebler fudge mint grasshopper cookies fudge shoppe
potatoes with salt flesh cooked in skin microwaved
taco bell cheese and lettuce original taco with beef
carrots without salt drained boiled cooked frozen
lamb cooked intermuscular fat imported new zealand
cereals ready-to-eat whole grain total general mills
little caesars 14" cheese pizza large deep dish crust
turkey roasted cooked meat and skin fryer-roasters
turnips without salt drained boiled cooked frozen
seeds partially defatted (glandless) cottonseed meal
yellow rice with seasoning unprepared dry packet mix
margarine with salt tub composite 80% fat regular
domino's 14" pepperoni pizza ultimate deep dish crust
turkey roasted meat only from whole bird drumstick
wocas yellow pond lily (klamath) oregon dried seeds
mayonnaise cholesterol-free reduced-calorie or diet
chicken fried cooked meat only broilers or fryers
fish cooked (not previously frozen) alaska pollock
veal raw separable lean only shank (fore and hind)
chayote without salt drained boiled cooked fruit
apples uncooked sulfured dehydrated (low moisture)
cherries drained heavy syrup pitted canned sweet
soup single brand condensed canned vegetable beef
plums solids and liquids juice pack purple canned
plums solids and liquids water pack purple canned
restaurant arepa (unleavened cornmeal bread) latino
restaurant pupusas del cerdo (pupusas pork) latino
beverages contains caffeine pepper-type carbonated
alcoholic beverage prepared-from-recipe pina colada
walrus meat and subcutaneous fat raw (alaska native)
beans with salt boiled cooked mature seeds black
soup ready to serve less/reduced sodium beef broth
grapefruit california and arizona pink and red raw
bread toasted (includes sourdough) french or vienna
soup prepared with equal volume milk canned cheese
babyfood strained vanilla custard pudding dessert
corn regular pack vacuum pack canned white sweet
corn regular pack cream style canned white sweet
fish dry heat cooked atlantic and pacific halibut
turkey raw from turkey frames mechanically deboned
pork raw tail variety meats and by-products fresh
beans with salt boiled cooked mature seeds white
peaches without added sugar stewed sulfured dried
cereals ready-to-eat honey nut scooters malt-o-meal
applebee's from kid's menu macaroni & cheese kraft
mcdonald's fruit 'n yogurt parfait (without granola)
fast foods with corn flour coating (corndog) hotdog
beverages unsweetened ready-to-drink coconut water
chicken wing meat and skin bbq rotisserie broiler
cereals ready-to-eat frosted cheerios general mills
pork roasted separable lean only whole ham cured
nuts without salt added dry roasted macadamia nuts
frozen novelties prepackaged sundae ice cream type
campbell's homestyle light italian-style wedding soup
pillsbury refrigerated dough chocolate chip cookies
nuts without salt added dry roasted pistachio nuts
nabisco cookie crumb topping nabisco oreo crunchies
mcdonald's newman's own low fat balsamic vinaigrette
ground turkey pan-broiled crumbles 7% fat 93% lean
ice creams all natural light french vanilla breyers
flan prepared with 2% milk dry mix caramel custard
cereals ready-to-eat kashi 7 whole grain honey puffs
margarine without salt stick composite 80% fat regular
chicken stewed cooked meat only leg broilers or fryers
nuts shredded sweetened dried (desiccated) coconut meat
campbell's red and white condensed chicken vegetable soup
pork raw separable lean and fat boneless shoulder breast
turnip greens without salt drained boiled cooked frozen
pork raw separable lean only shank half leg (ham) fresh
spaghettios spaghettios raviolios beef ravioli in meat sauce
usda commodity unheated cooked as purchased salmon nuggets
cereals ready-to-eat organic flax plus flakes nature's path
beef simmered cooked kidneys variety meats and by-products
cereals ready-to-eat kellogg's special k multi-grain kellogg
cereals dry fruit and cream variety instant oatmeal quaker
soup prepared with equal volume water canned mushroom barley
frozen yogurts sweetened without sugar nonfat milk chocolate
cereals dry maple & brown sugar hot wheat cereal malt-o-meal
wheat flour enriched bleached 13% protein white (industrial)
wheat flour enriched bleached 15% protein white (industrial)
light ice cream blended with milk chocolate candies soft serve
chicken stewed cooked meat and skin wing broilers or fryers
pork unheated separable lean and fat center slice ham cured
fast foods regular patty; with condiments cheeseburger; double
fast food thin crust pepperoni topping 14" pizza pizza chain
fast foods meatball marinara on white bread submarine sandwich
beef raw separable lean only striploin imported new zealand
beef fast roasted cooked ribs prepared imported new zealand
beverages ready-to-drink nutritional drink boost plus nestle
soup prepared with equal volume water canned turkey vegetable
snacks nacho cheese made with olestra low fat tortilla chips
puddings prepared with 2% milk instant dry mix coconut cream
game meat raw separable lean only shoulder clod chuck bison
beef raw separable lean only hind shin imported new zealand
little caesars 14" original round pepperoni pizza regular crust
veal grilled cooked separable lean only blade chop shoulder
cereals ready-to-eat kellogg's marshmallow froot loops kellogg
veal grilled cooked boneless cutlet cap off top round leg
peas with salt drained boiled cooked sprouted mature seeds
cookies special dietary with creme filling chocolate sandwich
potatoes with salt flesh and skin in skin cooked microwaved
cake home baked style panque casero bimbo bakeries usa pound
veal raw separable lean only bone-in hind shank australian
soymilk vitamins a and d with added calcium nonfat chocolate
digiorno pizza baked frozen thin crispy crust cheese topping
babyfood strained with applesauce and bananas oatmeal cereal
milk without added vitamin a and vitamin d evaporated canned
french toast made with low fat (2%) milk prepared from recipe
cereals ready-to-eat choco zucaritas kellogg's frosted flakes
salmon without skin and bones drained solids canned sockeye
broccoli without salt drained boiled cooked spears frozen
doughnuts plain (includes unsugared old-fashioned) cake-type
chicken stewed cooked meat and skin leg broilers or fryers
seeds from raw and stone ground kernels tahini sesame butter
bread made with low fat (2%) milk prepared from recipe white
cereals ready-to-eat post great grains cranberry almond crunch
popcorn made with palm oil regular (butter) flavor microwave
nabisco nabisco snackwell's fat free devil's food cookie cakes
cereals ready-to-eat blueberry muffin tops cereal malt-o-meal
beans with salt drained boiled cooked frozen yellow snap
pizza cooked frozen rising crust meat and vegetable topping
cereals dry hearty honey & cinnamon kashi go lean hot cereal
pork raw separable lean and fat shank half leg (ham) fresh
crackers unsalted tops (includes oyster soda soup) saltines
rice with salt unenriched cooked regular long-grain white
soybeans with salt stir-fried cooked sprouted mature seeds
winged bean with salt drained boiled cooked immature seeds
soup prepared with equal volume milk canned cream of chicken
squash without salt boiled cooked frozen butternut winter
beverages yellow green colored citrus soft drink with caffeine
pokeberry shoots without salt drained boiled cooked (poke)
cereals ready-to-eat chocolate marshmallow mateys malt-o-meal
nuts without salt added with peanuts dry roasted mixed nuts
nuts without salt added with peanuts oil roasted mixed nuts
potatoes whole milk and margarine added home-prepared mashed
sandwich spread unspecified oils regular with chopped pickle
soup prepared with equal volume water canned cream of shrimp
soup prepared with equal volume water canned cream of potato
cereals ready-to-eat peanut butter toast crunch general mills
cereals reduced sugar cinnamon spice instant oatmeal quaker
cereals ready-to-eat original spoon-size shredded wheat post
martha white foods dry martha white's chewy fudge brownie mix
pork roasted cooked separable lean and fat spareribs fresh
campbell's red and white condensed chicken and dumplings soup
beef boiled cooked manufacturing beef imported new zealand
cereals ready-to-eat with almonds honey bunches of oats post
potatoes unprepared extruded par fried french fried frozen
puddings prepared with whole milk instant dry mix chocolate
puddings prepared with whole milk regular dry mix chocolate
cereals dry unenriched regular and quick yellow corn grits
veal raw separable lean only whole (arm and blade) shoulder
soup prepared with equal volume water canned cream of celery
cereals ready-to-eat caramel delight fiber one general mills
campbell's red and white condensed creamy chicken noodle soup
cereals dry with cinnamon and spice fortified instant oats
kashi frozen entree chicken and chipotle bbq sauce with mango
popeyes meat and skin with breading wing mild fried chicken
candies milk chocolate with honey and almond nougat toblerone
turnover unprepared frozen tomato-based sauce cheese-filled
dessert topping 1.5 ounce prepared with 1/2 cup milk powdered
campbell's red and white condensed italian style wedding soup
brussels sprouts without salt drained boiled cooked frozen
babyfood prepared with whole milk with bananas mixed cereal
usda commodity cooked frozen ground bulk/coarse ground beef
chicken raw with added solution skin (drumsticks and thighs)
beans without salt boiled cooked mature seeds black turtle
kellogg's frosted chocolate baked bites pop-tarts mini crisps
salmon smoked (alaska native) filets with skin red (sockeye)
cake special dietary (includes lemon-flavored) dry mix white
kellogg's frosted blueberry muffin toaster pastries pop-tarts
chicken roasted cooked meat only breast broilers or fryers
nuts with salt added without peanuts oil roasted mixed nuts
wheat flour enriched bleached 9% protein white (industrial)
keebler bite-size chocolate chip cookies chips deluxe gripz
buffalo cooked (shoshone bannock) top round steak free range
elk cooked (shoshone bannock) eye of round roast free range
margarine tub 67-70% fat margarine-like vegetable oil spread
infant formula ready-to-feed lactofree enfamil mead johnson
peas and carrots without salt drained boiled cooked frozen
babyfood real fruit bars gerber graduate fruit  strips snack
infant formula ready-to-feed with iron enfamil mead johnson
pork raw separable lean only country-style ribs loin fresh
pork roasted separable lean only arm picnic shoulder cured
potatoes unprepared frozen salt added in processing roasted
babyfood junior without ascorbic acid fruit dessert dessert
pork braised cooked separable lean and fat spareribs fresh
pie crust made with enriched flour unbaked frozen deep dish
candies skittles tropical bite size candies mars snackfood us
beef pan-broiled cooked patty 97% lean meat /3% fat ground
beef pan-broiled cooked patty 93% lean meat /7% fat ground
infant formula powder newborn premium enfamil mead johnson
infant formula ready-to-feed protect plus good start gerber
infant formula ready-to-feed gentle plus gerber good start 2
beef raw separable lean and fat flank imported new zealand
seal raw (alaska native) low quadrant meat bearded (oogruk)
fast food thick crust sausage topping 14" pizza pizza chain
pork unheated separable lean only bone-in shank ham cured
pork unheated separable lean only bone-in slice ham cured
morningstar farms breakfast sausage patties unprepared frozen
game meat raw 1" steak separable lean only top round bison
succotash with salt drained boiled cooked (corn and limas)
pigeon peas (red gram) with salt boiled cooked mature seeds
crustaceans made from surimi imitation mixed species shrimp
peas with salt drained boiled cooked frozen edible-podded
cookies special dietary commercially prepared chocolate chip
cereals dry blueberry hazelnut real medleys oatmeal quaker
lamb soaked and simmered cooked heart imported new zealand
candies skittles original bite size candies mars snackfood us
cookies made with butter prepared from recipe chocolate chip
cheese food vitamin d fortified american pasteurized process
cheese fortified with vitamin d american pasteurized process
babyfood prepared with whole milk with honey oatmeal cereal
margarine-like with salt stick 60% fat vegetable oil spread
cabbage with salt drained boiled cooked chinese (pak-choi)
turkey roasted cooked meat and skin drumstick retail parts
campbell's soup on the go cheesy potato with bacon flavor soup
apricots solids and liquids without skin water pack canned
corn solids and liquids no salt added canned yellow sweet
candies cocoavia chocolate covered almonds mars snackfood us
raspberries solids and liquids heavy syrup pack red canned
cereals ready-to-eat kellogg's frosted rice krispies kellogg
infant formula powder infant premium enfamil mead johnson
kellogg's frosted wild strawberry toaster pastries pop-tarts
lima beans with salt drained boiled cooked immature seeds
cereals ready-to-eat spoon-size shredded wheat n' bran post
pork raw separable lean and fat arm picnic shoulder fresh
veal braised cooked pancreas variety meats and by-products
lamb braised cooked pancreas variety meats and by-products
fish smoked and canned (alaska native) chinook king salmon
broadbeans with salt drained boiled cooked immature seeds
beans with salt drained boiled cooked frozen green snap
soup prepared with equal volume milk canned cream of potato
cereals ready-to-eat honey almond flax kashi go lean crunch!
pork raw separable lean and fat rump half leg (ham) fresh
beans without salt boiled cooked mature seeds small white
chicken simmered cooked meat only neck broilers or fryers
chicken roasted cooked meat only thigh broilers or fryers
soup prepared with equal volume milk canned cream of celery
morningstar farms california turk'y burger unprepared frozen
babyfood organic carrot and squash apple 2nd foods gerber
beverages prepared with water decaffeinated instant coffee
pork loin lean only cooked-roasted bone-in backribs fresh
beef raw separable lean and fat flat imported new zealand
oil all purpose salad or cooking industrial and retail corn
frostings prepared with margarine dry mix creamy chocolate
danish pastry nut (includes almond raisin nut cinnamon nut)
cereals ready-to-eat strawberry fields kashi organic promise
campbell's chunky soups slow roasted beef with mushrooms soup
campbell's chunky soups grilled steak- steak chili with beans
martha white foods dry martha white's buttermilk biscuit mix
potatoes without salt drained boiled cooked whole frozen
soup prepared with equal volume water canned vegetable beef
campbell's chunky soups baked potato with steak & cheese soup
cereals ready-to-eat kellogg's special k red berries kellogg
potatoes home-prepared from recipe using margarine au gratin
soup prepared with equal volume water canned chicken noodle
beverages prepared with water sweetened lemon instant tea
fast food thick crust cheese topping 14" pizza pizza chain
crustaceans moist heat cooked wild mixed species crayfish
cereals ready-to-eat honey clusters fiber one general mills
beef braised cooked pancreas variety meats and by-products
veal roasted cooked separable lean and fat blade shoulder
veal roasted cooked separable lean and fat leg (top round)
veal braised cooked separable lean and fat leg (top round)
beans without salt boiled cooked mature seeds red kidney
pork roasted cooked separable lean and fat backribs fresh
pigeonpeas with salt drained boiled cooked immature seeds
chicken raw with added solution meat only thigh dark meat
milk with blend of hydrogenated vegetable oils fluid filled
babyfood prepared with whole milk with bananas rice cereal
babyfood strained with applesauce and bananas mixed cereal
fast foods plain boneless pieces breaded and fried chicken
digiorno pizza baked frozen rising crust pepperoni topping
kellogg's frosted cookies & creme toaster pastries pop-tarts
chicken stewed cooked meat only breast broilers or fryers
cereals ready-to-eat date & pecan raisin great grains post
soup single brand ready-to-serve chunky potato ham chowder
beans solids and liquids no salt added canned yellow snap
fish drained solids without salt canned in oil light tuna
fish drained solids without salt canned in oil white tuna
tortillas without added calcium flour ready-to-bake or -fry
formulated bar mixed flavors zone perfect classic crunch bar
beans with salt boiled cooked mature seeds great northern
nuts lightly salted without peanuts oil roasted mixed nuts
pork braised cooked separable lean only whole loin fresh
pork roasted cooked separable lean only whole loin fresh
pork broiled cooked separable lean only whole loin fresh
prego pasta ready-to-serve mushroom and garlic italian sauce
peas and onions without salt drained boiled cooked frozen
chicken breast prepackaged sliced rotisserie seasoned deli
bread enriched (includes corn muffin mix) dry mix cornbread
infant formula ready-to-feed low iron enfamil mead johnson
gardenburger sun-dried tomato basil burger unprepared frozen
sunshine duoz smoked cheddar monterey jack crackers cheez-it
milk with added vitamin a and vitamin d instant nonfat dry
fast foods large patty; with condiments cheeseburger; single
fast foods large patty; with condiments cheeseburger; double
beverages prepared with fat free milk powder chocolate malt
pork unheated separable fat (from ham and arm picnic) cured
cocoa hershey's european style cocoa unsweetened dry powder
beverages prepared with whole milk powder eggnog-flavor mix
candies m&m's minis milk chocolate candies mars snackfood us
toaster pastries frosted cherry kellogg's pop tarts kellogg
fast food thin crust sausage topping 14" pizza pizza chain
soup prepared with equal volume water canned cream of onion
subway subway club sub on white bread with lettuce and tomato
pork unheated separable lean only bone-in rump ham cured
milk with added vitamin a and vitamin d regular nonfat dry
campbell's chunky soups fajita chicken with rice & beans soup
campbell's chunky soups chicken broccoli cheese & potato soup
soup ready-to-serve canned reduced sodium chunky vegetable
cereals ready-to-eat kashi golean crisp toasted berry crumble
veal braised cooked separable lean and fat blade shoulder
soup prepared with equal volume water canned bean with pork
margarine-like soybean oil and butter margarine-butter blend
squash unprepared frozen crookneck and straightneck summer
squash without salt drained boiled cooked scallop summer
campbell's soup on the go healthy request classic tomato soup
sweet rolls baked refrigerated dough with frosting cinnamon
cereals ready-to-eat mother's toasted oat bran cereal quaker
cereals dry with raisins and spice fortified instant oats
campbell's red and white condensed vegetarian vegetable soup
cheese without added vitamin d american pasteurized process
veal separable lean and fat bone-in hind shank australian
beverages citrus flavor sugar-free vault zero energy drink
cabbage with salt drained boiled cooked chinese (pe-tsai)
onions without salt drained boiled cooked chopped frozen
babyfood junior with applesauce and bananas oatmeal cereal
macaroni and cheese dinner with dry sauce mix uncooked boxed
chicken batter fried cooked skin only broilers or fryers
vegetables with salt drained boiled cooked frozen mixed
snacks m&m's milk chocolate kudos whole grain bar m&m mars
beverages prepared with water powder lemonade-flavor drink
beef raw all grades separable lean and fat chuck for stew
bread made with nonfat dry milk prepared from recipe white
beverages assorted flavors calorie-free powerade zero ion4
cereals ready-to-eat quaker honey graham life cereal quaker
margarine-like sweetened stick or tub vegetable oil spread
fish canned (alaska native) kippered chinook king salmon
chicken roasted cooked meat only back broilers or fryers
morningstar farms mushroom lover's burger unprepared frozen
crustaceans moist heat cooked mixed species spiny lobster
beef broiled cooked patty 90% lean meat / 10% fat ground
beef broiled cooked patty 85% lean meat / 15% fat ground
beans solids and liquids seasoned all styles canned snap
beef pan-fried cooked liver variety meats and by-products
campbell's healthy request condensed cream of mushroom soup
cereals ready-to-eat big bite kellogg's frosted mini-wheats
keebler mini brownies fudge shoppe 100 calorie right bites
chicken raw meat only thigh dark meat broilers or fryers
chicken stewed cooked meat only thigh broilers or fryers
campbell's condensed 25% less sodium cream of mushroom soup
soup prepared with equal volume water canned beef mushroom
cereals ready-to-eat kellogg's krave double chocolate cereal
veal pan-fried cooked brain variety meats and by-products
lamb braised cooked kidneys variety meats and by-products
veal braised cooked kidneys variety meats and by-products
soup prepared with equal volume water canned tomato bisque
chrysanthemum without salt drained boiled cooked garland
pork raw chitterlings variety meats and by-products fresh
ravioli canned with tomato sauce or meat sauce meat-filled
fast foods regular patty; with condiments hamburger; single
babyfood strained papaya and applesauce with tapioca fruit
rice with salt enriched cooked regular long-grain white
beef broiled cooked patty 70% lean meat / 30% fat ground
morningstar farms spicy black bean burger unprepared frozen
cereals ready-to-eat honey toasted oat kashi heart to heart
on the border cheese and lettuce soft taco with ground beef
soup prepared with equal volume water canned chicken broth
soup prepared with equal volume water canned chicken gumbo
infant formula ready-to-feed soy store brand pbm products
fast food thin crust cheese topping 14" pizza pizza chain
mustard greens without salt drained boiled cooked frozen
cereals ready-to-eat cap'n crunch with crunchberries quaker
babyfood strained vegetables and dumplings and beef dinner
cereals dry cherry pistachio real medleys oatmeal quaker
snacks cheese-flavor made from dried potatoes potato chips
veal cooked separable fat composite of trimmed retail cuts
lamb raw separable lean only breast imported new zealand
lamb soaked and fried cooked kidney imported new zealand
beef pan-fried cooked brain variety meats and by-products
veal raw separable lean and fat rib roast rib australian
campbell's red and white condensed new england clam chowder
pineapple solids and liquids extra heavy syrup pack canned
cherries solids and liquids light syrup pack canned sweet
pie crust made with enriched flour baked frozen deep dish
broccoli with salt drained boiled cooked chopped frozen
collards with salt drained boiled cooked chopped frozen
lima beans without salt boiled cooked mature seeds large
beverages fortified with vitamin c apple juice light motts
chicken fried cooked meat only breast broilers or fryers
babyfood prepared with whole milk with honey mixed cereal
cereals ready-to-eat cinnamon harvest kashi organic promise
cereals ready-to-eat great grains crunchy pecan cereal post
snacks original flavor multigrain snack sunchips fritolay
keebler reduced fat pretzel crackers flipsides town house
keebler garlic herb pretzel crackers flipsides town house
biscuits higher fat refrigerated dough plain or buttermilk
restaurant arroz con grandules (rice and pigeonpeas) latino
beans solids and liquids regular pack canned yellow snap
beans solids and liquids no salt added canned green snap
hormel always tender lemon garlic-flavored pork loin filets
beef broiled cooked patty 80% lean meat / 20% fat ground
beef broiled cooked patty 75% lean meat / 25% fat ground
keebler reduced fat 1/2 dipped fudge grahams fudge shoppe
veal pan-fried cooked liver variety meats and by-products
lamb pan-fried cooked liver variety meats and by-products
keebler white fudge dipped pretzels 100 calorie right bites
soup prepared with equal volume milk canned cream of onion
morningstar farms breakfast sausage links unprepared frozen
babyfood strained vegetables and noodles and turkey dinner
usda commodity raw frozen bulk/links/patties pork sausage
prego pasta ready-to-serve flavored with meat italian sauce
cocoa processed with alkali hi-fat or breakfast dry powder
campbell's condensed cream of chicken soup healthy request
babyfood strained bananas and pineapple with tapioca fruit
squash without salt mashed boiled cooked hubbard winter
kashi pizza unprepared frozen single serve greek tzatziki
infant formula powder with iron good start supreme nestle
lamb pan-fried cooked brain variety meats and by-products
subway roast beef sub on white bread with lettuce and tomato
beverages canned without added nutrients fruit punch drink
pork roasted separable fat (from ham and arm picnic) cured
cereals ready-to-eat kellogg's apple jacks with marshmallows
chicken roasted cooked meat only wing broilers or fryers
fast foods regular patty; with condiments hamburger; double
cereals ready-to-eat cap'n crunch's halloween crunch quaker
potatoes dry form granules without milk dehydrated mashed
seal partially dried (alaska native) meat bearded (oogruk)
cereals dry enriched regular and quick yellow corn grits
crunchmaster gluten-free snack crackers multi-grain crisps
pork raw frozen ears variety meats and by-products fresh
seeds without salt roasted whole pumpkin and squash seeds
beef simmered cooked tongue variety meats and by-products
soup prepared with equal volume water canned turkey noodle
campbell's chunky soups grilled chicken & sausage gumbo soup
beverages fortified with vitamin c light apple juice drink
mollusks made from surimi imitation mixed species scallop
puddings prepared with whole milk regular dry mix vanilla
puddings prepared with whole milk instant dry mix vanilla
milk with added vitamin a and vitamin d fat free chocolate
peaches solids and liquids heavy syrup pack canned spiced
chicken not reheated frozen precooked white meat nuggets
turkey from whole roasted cooked meat and skin light meat
babyfood toddler chicken and noodle with vegetables dinner
crustaceans breaded and fried cooked mixed species shrimp
campbell's red and white condensed fiesta nacho cheese soup
bread refrigerated commercially prepared whole wheat naan
cereals banana bread weight control instant oatmeal quaker
cereals dry maple and brown sugar fortified instant oats
fast foods meat and skin and breading breast fried chicken
lamb soaked and fried cooked testes imported new zealand
lamb soaked and fried cooked brains imported new zealand
margarine-like with salt tub 60% fat vegetable oil spread
little caesars 14" original round cheese pizza regular crust
babyfood strained with applesauce and bananas rice cereal
usda commodity raw frozen bulk/coarse ground ground beef
seeds without salt roasted pumpkin and squash seed kernels
corn unprepared kernels cut off cob frozen yellow sweet
chicken flour fried cooked skin only broilers or fryers
beverages ready-to-drink nutritional shake ensure abbott
cheese low sodium cheddar or american pasteurized process
fish smoked (alaska native) canned (sockeye) red salmon
veal braised cooked thymus variety meats and by-products
veal braised cooked spleen variety meats and by-products
lamb braised cooked spleen variety meats and by-products
cookies with creme filling chocolate sandwich gluten-free
chicken stewed cooked meat only back broilers or fryers
beans solids and liquids regular pack canned green snap
cereals ready-to-eat chocolate-flavored frosted puffed corn
beans with salt boiled cooked mature seeds black turtle
usda commodity unheated cooked boneless ham cured pork
puddings prepared with 2% milk instant dry mix chocolate
soybeans with salt steamed cooked sprouted mature seeds
puddings prepared with whole milk instant dry mix banana
chicken fried cooked meat only thigh broilers or fryers
peppers without salt drained boiled cooked green sweet
shortening industrial soybean (hydrogenated) and cottonseed
cookies plain or honey (includes cinnamon) graham crackers
rice dry enriched precooked or instant long-grain white
grapefruit solids and liquids water pack canned sections
nuts raw (liquid expressed from grated meat) coconut cream
cereals dry enriched regular and quick white corn grits
cereals ready-to-eat dulce de leche cheerios general mills
cereals ready-to-eat apple cinnamon cheerios general mills
wheat flour calcium-fortified enriched all-purpose white
frostings prepared with margarine dry mix creamy vanilla
cookies reduced fat with creme filling chocolate sandwich
restaurant spaghetti with pomodoro sauce (no meat) italian
cereals ready-to-eat raisin bran crunch kellogg's kellogg
campbell's chunky soups hearty chicken with vegetables soup
hot pockets frozen meatballs & mozzarella stuffed sandwich
squash with salt boiled cooked frozen butternut winter
beef braised cooked spleen variety meats and by-products
beef braised cooked thymus variety meats and by-products
cereals ready-to-eat raisin vineyard kashi organic promise
candies twix chocolate fudge cookie bars mars snackfood us
lamb soaked and fried cooked liver imported new zealand
snacks cheese-flavor puffs or twists extruded corn-based
cereals dry maple and brown sugar instant oatmeal quaker
digiorno pizza baked frozen rising crust supreme topping
beans solids and liquids canned mature seeds red kidney
pokeberry shoots with salt drained boiled cooked (poke)
pickles sweet (includes bread and butter pickles) cucumber
biscuits lower fat refrigerated dough plain or buttermilk
brussels sprouts with salt drained boiled cooked frozen
broccoli with salt drained boiled cooked spears frozen
onions without salt drained boiled cooked whole frozen
mary's gone crackers organic gluten free original crackers
beef simmered cooked tripe variety meats and by-products
babyfood junior with applesauce and bananas mixed cereal
fast foods meat and skin and breading thigh fried chicken
kellogg's frosted confetti cake toaster pastries pop-tarts
kellogg's frosted cinnamon roll toaster pastries pop-tarts
kellogg's frosted apple strudel toaster pastries pop-tarts
margarine-like spread with yogurt with salt stick 70% fat
beef broiled cooked patty 95% lean meat / 5% fat ground
cheese large or small curd dry uncreamed nonfat cottage
nuts with salt added with peanuts oil roasted mixed nuts
nuts with salt added with peanuts dry roasted mixed nuts
cereals dry creamy truly vanilla kashi go lean hot cereal
crackers with cheese filling sandwich standard snack-type
keebler sandies shortbread cookies 100 calorie right bites
morningstar farms breakfast bacon strips unprepared frozen
veal braised cooked tongue variety meats and by-products
lamb braised cooked tongue variety meats and by-products
elk raw (shoshone bannock) eye of round roast free range
buffalo raw (shoshone bannock) top round steak free range
beverages bottled cranberry-apple juice drink ocean spray
chicken roasted cooked meat only leg broilers or fryers
beverages prepared with distilled water brewed black tea
general mills dry betty crocker supermoist yellow cake mix
fast foods and sausage cheese with egg breakfast burrito
potatoes whole milk and butter added home-prepared mashed
mushrooms grilled exposed to ultraviolet light portabella
puddings prepared with whole milk regular dry mix banana
sauce low sodium ready-to-serve spaghetti/marinara pasta
fish dry heat cooked flatfish (flounder and sole species)
salami 50% less sodium sliced dry pork and beef italian
cereals ready-to-eat cinnamon burst cheerios general mills
restaurant from kids' menu macaroni & cheese family style
chicken stewed cooked meat only wing broilers or fryers
beef broiled cooked patty 97% lean meat / 3% fat ground
beef broiled cooked patty 93% lean meat / 7% fat ground
grapefruit solids and liquids juice pack canned sections
nuts without salt added dry roasted hazelnuts or filberts
cereals ready-to-eat kellogg's special k blueberry kellogg
morningstar farms mediterranean chickpea unprepared frozen
fish raw (may have been previously frozen) alaska pollock
carrabba's italian grill cheese ravioli with marinara sauce
puddings prepared with 2% milk regular dry mix chocolate
tofu prepared with calcium sulfate dried-frozen (koyadofu)
beef raw separable lean only flank imported new zealand
cereals ready-to-eat kellogg's special k chocolatey delight
veal roasted cooked separable lean and fat arm shoulder
veal braised cooked separable lean and fat arm shoulder
beef simmered cooked heart variety meats and by-products
beef simmered cooked brain variety meats and by-products
soup ready-to-serve canned reduced sodium chicken noodle
milk with added vitamin a and vitamin d 2% fat evaporated
turkey roasted cooked meat and skin dark meat from whole
peas and carrots with salt drained boiled cooked frozen
soup prepared with equal volume milk canned tomato bisque
cookie and chocolate coating coconut vanilla with caramel
cereals high fiber cinnamon swirl instant oatmeal quaker
fast foods skin and breading from all pieces fried chicken
beverages frozen concentrated non-alcoholic cocktail mix
pork unheated extra lean and regular boneless ham cured
campbell's red and white condensed cream of asparagus soup
babyfood prepared with whole milk with honey rice cereal
potsticker or wonton unprepared frozen pork and vegetable
cowpeas without salt boiled cooked mature seeds catjang
turkey roasted cooked meat and skin breast retail parts
fish batter-dipped and fried cooked mixed species shark
apricots solids and liquids with skin water pack canned
apricots solids and liquids with skin juice pack canned
margarine-like without salt 20% fat vegetable oil spread
beverages hi-c flashin' fruit punch the coca-cola company
kellogg's frosted orange cream toaster pastries pop-tarts
kellogg's frosted spring berry toaster pastries pop-tarts
kellogg's frosted sugar cookie toaster pastries pop-tarts
oil all purpose soy ( partially hydrogenated) industrial
fast foods with cone soft-serve ice cream light vanilla
pork raw separable lean only arm picnic shoulder fresh
snacks french onion flavor multigrain sunchips fritolay
campbell's red and white condensed chicken noodleo's soup
plums solids and liquids light syrup pack purple canned
plums solids and liquids heavy syrup pack purple canned
fish brined (alaska native) smoked chinook king salmon
chicken fried cooked meat only back broilers or fryers
beans with salt boiled cooked mature seeds red kidney
fast foods and sausage cheese egg griddle cake sandwich
pork raw separable lean only rump half leg (ham) fresh
beef braised cooked lungs variety meats and by-products
beef braised cooked liver variety meats and by-products
sausage with cheddar cheese sticks pork and beef summer
fast foods with condiments single patty large hamburger
prego pasta ready-to-serve organic mushroom italian sauce
gardenburger black bean chipotle burger unprepared frozen
soup ready-to-serve chunky style canned beef stroganoff
infant formula powder with iron good start 2 soy gerber
beverages powder cereal grain beverage coffee substitute
soup canned ready-to-serve low sodium cream of mushroom
squash without salt mashed boiled cooked acorn winter
nuts lightly salted with peanuts oil roasted mixed nuts
cookies animal crackers (includes arrowroot tea biscuits)
turkey breast luncheon meat prepackaged or deli low salt
lamb braised cooked heart variety meats and by-products
veal braised cooked heart variety meats and by-products
cereals blueberry mini spooners malt-o-meal ready-to-eat
potatoes home-prepared from recipe using butter au gratin
potatoes dry form flakes without milk dehydrated mashed
candies prepared-from-recipe chocolate marshmallow fudge
beans with salt boiled cooked mature seeds small white
pancakes plain ready-to-heat (includes buttermilk) frozen
cereals ready-to-eat kellogg's cracklin' oat bran kellogg
milk with added vitamin a and vitamin d lowfat chocolate
potatoes unprepared with butter sauce frozen hash brown
babyfood junior vegetables and noodles and turkey dinner
alcoholic beverage pinot gris (grigio) white table wine
fluid replacement electrolyte solution (include pedialyte)
campbell's red and white condensed chicken and stars soup
morningstar farms garden veggie nuggets unprepared frozen
morningstar farms parmesan garlic wings unprepared frozen
morningstar farms tuscan greens & beans unprepared frozen
campbell's chunky soups beef with white and wild rice soup
tangerines drained juice pack canned (mandarin oranges)
corn with red and green peppers solids and liquids canned
school lunch frozen tony's breakfast pizza sausage pizza
snacks reduced fat made from dried potatoes potato chips
cereals ready-to-eat bagged cereal shredded wheat quaker
turkey roasted cooked meat and skin breast all classes
squash with salt drained boiled cooked scallop summer
cereals ready-to-eat island vanilla kashi organic promise
veal braised cooked separable lean only blade shoulder
veal roasted cooked separable lean only blade shoulder
keebler soft 'n chewy chocolate chip cookies chips deluxe
onions with salt drained boiled cooked chopped frozen
campbell's red and white condensed manhattan clam chowder
prego pasta ready-to-serve heart smart- traditional sauce
pineapple juice undiluted unsweetened frozen concentrate
game meat broiled cooked separable lean only round elk
salad dressing without salt reduced fat italian dressing
sweeteners contains sugar and sucralose brown for baking
chicken raw meat and skin light meat broilers or fryers
salad dressing low calorie mayonnaise and mayonnaise-type
babyfood junior vegetables and dumplings and beef dinner
margarine-like with salt tub vegetable oil-butter spread
chicken roasted cooked meat and skin broilers or fryers
cereals ready-to-eat chocolate lucky charms general mills
turkey roasted cooked meat only drumstick retail parts
fast foods meat and skin and breading wing fried chicken
seal in oil (alaska native) dried meat bearded (oogruk)
cereals dry cranberry almond kellogg's special k nourish
frostings prepared with butter dry mix creamy chocolate
cereals ready-to-eat kellogg's all-bran bran buds kellogg
lamb braised cooked lungs variety meats and by-products
lamb braised cooked liver variety meats and by-products
veal braised cooked liver variety meats and by-products
veal braised cooked lungs variety meats and by-products
keebler chocolate chip & pecan shortbread cookies sandies
campbell's red and white - microwaveable bowls tomato soup
turkey and pork sausage cooked patty or link bulk fresh
beverages 3-2-1 plan powder slimfast shake mix unilever
seeds with salt added oil roasted sunflower seed kernels
chicken fried cooked meat only neck broilers or fryers
seeds with salt added dry roasted sunflower seed kernels
babyfood junior bananas and pineapple with tapioca fruit
kashi pizza unprepared frozen single serve tikka masala
lamb braised cooked brain variety meats and by-products
veal braised cooked brain variety meats and by-products
babyfood strained noodles and chicken vegetables dinner
corn unprepared kernels cut off cob frozen white sweet
morningstar farms garden veggie patties unprepared frozen
pie crust unenriched ready-to-bake frozen standard-type
cereals ready-to-eat berry fruitful kashi organic promise
beans drained solids canned sprouted mature seeds mung
chicken fried cooked meat only wing broilers or fryers
fast foods with condiments triple patty large hamburger
frozen novelties with low calorie sweetener pop ice type
morningstar farms chik patties original unprepared frozen
soup prepared with equal volume water canned oyster stew
cereals ready-to-eat maple brown sugar life cereal quaker
subway cold cut sub on white bread with lettuce and tomato
veal roasted cooked separable lean only leg (top round)
veal braised cooked separable lean only leg (top round)
soup prepared with equal volume water canned tomato rice
beef raw separable lean only flat imported new zealand
mollusks breaded and fried cooked mixed species scallop
turkey roasted cooked meat and skin thigh retail parts
beef macaroni with tomato sauce reduced fat frozen entree
soup prepared with equal volume water canned beef noodle
beverages without caffeine lemon-lime sprite carbonated
peaches solids and liquids extra heavy syrup pack canned
peas and onions with salt drained boiled cooked frozen
peas and carrots solids and liquids no salt added canned
squash unprepared frozen includes skin zucchini summer
tea herb and laborador combination (alaska native) tundra
salad dressing fat-free blue or roquefort cheese dressing
crustaceans made from surimi imitation alaska king crab
potatoes with salt drained boiled cooked whole frozen
cheese spread reduced fat american or cheddar cheese base
pork roasted extra lean and regular boneless ham cured
digiorno pizza baked frozen rising crust cheese topping
puddings prepared with whole milk instant dry mix lemon
campbell's red and white condensed cream of broccoli soup
english muffins raisin-cinnamon (includes apple-cinnamon)
chicken stewed cooked meat and skin broilers or fryers
beverages reduced calorie with whitener instant coffee
veal raw separable lean and fat boneless whole breast
crackers low salt (includes oyster soda soup) saltines
kellogg's frosted pumpkin pie toaster pastries pop-tarts
kellogg's frosted waffle cone toaster pastries pop-tarts
beverages aquafina pepsi non-carbonated bottled water
veal raw separable lean only rib roast rib australian
cookies with rice cereal and chocolate chips marshmallow
morningstar farms asian veggie patties unprepared frozen
beef baked cooked loaf 90% lean meat / 10% fat ground
cereals ready-to-eat frosted oat cereal with marshmallows
whale subcutaneous fat (blubber) (alaska native) bowhead
ice creams all natural light mint chocolate chip breyers
usda commodity heated cooked boneless ham cured pork
soup reduced sodium condensed canned cream of mushroom
campbell's healthy request condensed chicken noodle soup
peas without salt drained boiled cooked frozen green
beef baked cooked loaf 75% lean meat / 25% fat ground
campbell's condensed 25% less sodium chicken noodle soup
lima beans with salt boiled cooked mature seeds large
fast foods hard shell cheese and lettuce taco with beef
candies prepared-from-recipe with nuts chocolate fudge
whiskey sour mix with added potassium and sodium bottled
candies m&m's crispy chocolate candies mars snackfood us
cereals ready-to-eat gluten free kellogg's rice krispies
shortening frying (heavy duty) beef tallow and cottonseed
beverages fortified with vitamin c aloe vera juice drink
chicken roasted cooked meat and skin cornish game hens
cereals ready-to-eat fiber one bran cereal general mills
candies twix peanut butter cookie bars mars snackfood us
pork raw separable lean and fat tenderloin loin fresh
cereals ready-to-eat oat blenders with honey malt-o-meal
chickpeas (garbanzo beans bengal gram) raw mature seeds
tortilla includes plain and from mutton sandwich (navajo)
cereals ready-to-eat original big biscuit shredded wheat post
campbell's condensed cream of mushroom with roasted garlic soup
pork braised cooked separable lean and fat whole loin fresh
nuts canned flaked sweetened dried (desiccated) coconut meat
beverages prepared with water pink frozen concentrate lemonade
soup single brand ready-to-serve sirloin burger with vegetables
prego pasta ready-to-serve roasted garlic parmesan italian sauce
cereals reduced sugar apple and cinnamon instant oatmeal quaker
pork braised cooked spleen variety meats and by-products fresh
lamb soaked and simmered cooked sweetbread imported new zealand
game meat braised cooked separable lean only shoulder clod deer
beef raw formed and thinly sliced chopped flaked sandwich steaks
cereals ready-to-eat kellogg's low fat granola with raisins kellogg
cake butter (includes fresh and frozen) commercially prepared pound
pork roasted extra lean (approximately 5% fat) boneless ham cured
infant formula 24 calo ready-to-feed premature enfamil mead johnson
cookies with added fiber reduced fat commercially prepared brownies
cereals ready-to-eat presweetened with nuts and fruits wheat and bran
morningstar farms spicy black bean enchilada entree unprepared frozen
beef raw kidney variety meats and by-products imported new zealand
cereals dry instant grits product with american cheese flavor quaker
pork raw mechanically separated variety meats and by-products fresh
gourd without salt drained boiled cooked white-flowered (calabash)
snacks salted nuts and seeds with chocolate chips regular trail mix
pasta dry remaining unenriched semolina 51% whole wheat whole grain
alcoholic beverage all (gin rum vodka whiskey) 100 proof distilled
spinach without salt drained boiled cooked chopped or leaf frozen
fast foods skin and breading removed meat only breast fried chicken
campbell's red and white condensed chicken barley with mushrooms soup
fish packed in oil (alaska native) air-dried flesh pacific herring
beverages ready-to-drink. g performance o 2 gatorade pepsico quaker
leavening agents sodium aluminum sulfate double-acting baking powder
toaster pastries fruit (includes apple blueberry cherry strawberry)
pork roasted extra lean and regular low sodium boneless ham cured
beef raw choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only steak flank
chicken stewed meat and skin and giblets and neck broilers or fryers
turkey roasted with added solution meat only from whole bird thigh
cereals ready-to-eat kellogg's all-bran complete wheat flakes kellogg
pork raw separable lean only boneless top loin (chops) loin fresh
formulated bar chocolate almond snack bar cocoavia mars snackfood us
chicken batter fried cooked meat and skin back broilers or fryers
cereals ready-to-eat strawberry yogurt burst cheerios general mills
cereals ready-to-eat pumpkin granola organic flax plus nature's path
candies pop'ables milky way brand bite size candies mars snackfood us
keebler bite-size rainbow chocolate chip cookies chips deluxe gripz
cereals ready-to-eat triple berry berry burst cheerios general mills
beverages white cranberry strawberry flavored juice drink ocean spray
chicken batter fried cooked meat and skin neck broilers or fryers
candies cocoavia blueberry and almond chocolate bar mars snackfood us
beverages decaffeinated restaurant-prepared espresso brewed coffee
rolls made with low fat (2%) milk prepared from recipe plain dinner
subway oven roasted chicken sub on white bread with lettuce and tomato
beans rinsed in tap water drained solids canned mature seeds pinto
balsam-pear (bitter gourd) without salt drained boiled cooked pods
chicken batter fried cooked meat and skin wing broilers or fryers
pork raw separable lean only country-style center slice ham cured
toaster pastries frosted chocolate fudge kellogg's pop tarts kellogg
nuts chosen roaster salt added with peanuts dry roasted mixed nuts
soup prepared with equal volume water canned tomato beef with noodle
pancakes microwave (includes buttermilk) ready-to-heat frozen plain
beef braised cooked separable lean only flat imported new zealand
squash with salt or baked drained boiled cooked spaghetti winter
succotash with salt drained boiled cooked frozen (corn and limas)
soup ready-to-serve canned reduced sodium new england clam chowder
soup prepared with equal volume water canned manhattan clam chowder
oil (partially hydrogenated) and cottonseed salad or cooking soybean
cherries solids and liquids extra heavy syrup pack canned red sour
kfc meat and skin with breading thigh original recipe fried chicken
rice and vermicelli mix prepared with 80% margarine rice pilaf flavor
beef raw select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only steak flank
cereals ready-to-eat bite size kellogg's frosted mini-wheats kellogg
turkey roasted with added solution (light and dark) skin from whole
chicken roasted cooked meat and skin light meat broilers or fryers
frozen novelties stickless bar no sugar added slim-a-bear klondike
veal braised cooked separable lean and fat boneless whole breast
formulated bar snickers marathon honey nut oat bar mars snackfood us
mung beans with salt drained boiled cooked sprouted mature seeds
chicken batter fried cooked meat and skin leg broilers or fryers
soup single brand condensed canned beef with vegetables and barley
chicken flour fried cooked meat and skin back broilers or fryers
beans with salt boiled cooked mature seeds california red kidney
beef raw aust. marble score 9 seam fat wagyu imported australian
fish dry heat (may have been previously frozen) cooked pacific cod
alcoholic beverage all (gin rum vodka whiskey) 80 proof distilled
alcoholic beverage all (gin rum vodka whiskey) 90 proof distilled
alcoholic beverage all (gin rum vodka whiskey) 86 proof distilled
fast foods prepared with garlic and parmesan cheese soft breadstick
keebler chocolate chip cookies chips deluxe 100 calorie right bites
keebler fudge covered pretzels fudge shoppe 100 calorie right bites
alcoholic beverage all (gin rum vodka whiskey) 94 proof distilled
cereals ready-to-eat medley crunch honey nut cheerios general mills
chicken roasted cooked meat and skin and giblets and neck roasting
pasta de boles cooked rice flour and rice bran extract gluten-free
beef raw 85% lean / 15% fat ground grass-fed imported australian
beef raw separable lean and fat oyster blade imported new zealand
potatoes pan fried in canola oil prepared plain frozen hash brown
cereals ready-to-eat honey bunches of oats with vanilla bunches post
salad dressing regular commercial blue or roquefort cheese dressing
beverages with added nutrients mixed vegetable and fruit juice drink
cornmeal enriched with wheat flour added bolted self-rising white
beef raw liver variety meats and by-products imported new zealand
cereals dry redeye gravy & country ham flavor instant grits quaker
campbell's red and white condensed split pea with ham and bacon soup
cereals ready-to-eat post honey bunches of oats with cinnamon bunches
soup prepared with equal volume water consomme bouillon beef broth
beverages prepared with whole milk powder natural malted drink mix
lamb raw separable lean only boneless chump imported new zealand
fast foods skin and breading removed meat only thigh fried chicken
candies milky way caramels. dark chocolate covered mars snackfood us
rolls commercially prepared (includes brown-and-serve) plain dinner
seeds without salt added (decorticated) toasted sesame seed kernels
chicken raw with added solution meat and skin drumstick dark meat
turkey raw with added solution meat and skin from whole bird back
snacks with yogurt coating nature valley general mills granola bar
kfc meat and skin with breading wing original recipe fried chicken
turkey roasted with added solution meat only from whole bird back
digiorno pizza baked frozen cheese stuffed crust pepperoni topping
tomato products and celery green peppers with onions sauce canned
chicken roasted cooked meat and skin drumstick broilers or fryers
chicken raw meat only boneless skinless breast broiler or fryers
turkey from whole raw with added solution meat and skin light meat
keebler sea salt and olive oil crackers flatbread crisps town house
snacks peanut butter and chocolate chip uncoated soft granola bars
pork roasted cooked separable lean and fat whole leg (ham) fresh
fast foods with lettuce and mayonnaise crispy chicken filet sandwich
chicken flour fried cooked meat and skin neck broilers or fryers
seeds with salt added dry roasted sunflower seed kernels from shell
pork roasted cooked separable lean and fat tenderloin loin fresh
pork broiled cooked separable lean and fat tenderloin loin fresh
soup ready-to-serve chunky chicken vegetable with potato and cheese
child formula prepared from powder with iron portagen mead johnson
chicken flour fried cooked meat and skin wing broilers or fryers
candies pop'ables snickers brand bite size candies mars snackfood us
infant formula ready-to-feed newborn premium enfamil mead johnson
pork roasted heated separable lean only bone-in shank ham cured
snacks whole-wheat including both salted and unsalted hard pretzels
veal breaded pan-fried cooked separable lean only leg (top round)
beverages prepared with whole milk powder carob-flavor beverage mix
beef raw heart variety meats and by-products imported new zealand
soup prepared with equal volume water canned bean with frankfurters
chicken not reheated frozen precooked dark and white meat nuggets
cereals maple and brown sugar weight control instant oatmeal quaker
veal cooked separable lean and fat composite of trimmed retail cuts
candies milk chocolate covered milky way caramels mars snackfood us
chicken stewed cooked meat and skin light meat broilers or fryers
chicken roasted cooked meat and skin dark meat broilers or fryers
turkey roasted with added solution meat only from whole bird wing
snacks multigrain made from dried potatoes (preformed) potato chips
applesauce without salt (includes usda commodity) sweetened canned
infant formula ready-to-feed infant premium enfamil mead johnson
puddings dry mix instant low calorie all flavors except chocolate
beverages diet lemon ready to drink black and green tea snapple
beverages diet peach ready to drink black and green tea snapple
cereals ready-to-eat kellogg's raisin bran with cranberries kellogg
lima beans solids and liquids no salt added canned immature seeds
chicken flour fried cooked meat and skin leg broilers or fryers
chicken stewed cooked meat and skin drumstick broilers or fryers
beef braised cooked choice separable lean and fat chuck for stew
beef braised cooked select separable lean and fat chuck for stew
pork roasted cooked separable lean and fat whole shoulder fresh
swamp cabbage (skunk  cabbage) without salt drained boiled cooked
soup single brand condensed canned chicken with star-shaped pasta
pork simmered cooked stomach variety meats and by-products fresh
pie crust chilled graham cracker prepared from recipe cookie-type
apple juice with added ascorbic acid unsweetened canned or bottled
muffins made with low fat (2%) milk prepared from recipe blueberry
turnip greens and turnips with salt drained boiled cooked frozen
peppers without salt drained boiled chopped frozen green sweet
poultry raw from backs and necks without skin mechanically deboned
nuts raw (liquid expressed from grated meat and water) coconut milk
pasta dry remaining enriched semolina 51% whole wheat whole grain
beef raw separable lean and fat rump centre imported new zealand
beef raw separable lean and fat bolar blade imported new zealand
pork unheated canned extra lean (approximately 4% fat) ham cured
beef braised cooked choice separable lean and fat shortribs rib
pork braised cooked pancreas variety meats and by-products fresh
cereals ready-to-eat cinnamon almond kellogg's raisin bran kellogg
beef raw separable lean only chuck eye roll imported new zealand
grape juice with added ascorbic acid unsweetened canned or bottled
infant formula prepared from powder,next step prosobee mead johnson
mustard spinach without salt drained boiled cooked (tendergreen)
beef raw mechanically separated beef variety meats and by-products
campbell's chunky soups salisbury steak with mushrooms & onions soup
lamb raw separable lean only boneless flap imported new zealand
fast foods skin and breading removed meat only wing fried chicken
lamb raw separable lean and fat loin saddle imported new zealand
game meat broiled cooked 1" steak separable lean only loin deer
cherries solids and liquids heavy syrup pack pitted canned sweet
puddings dry mix regular low calorie all flavors except chocolate
cereals with salt cooked with water whole wheat hot natural cereal
kfc meat and skin with breading breast extra crispy fried chicken
lamb raw separable lean only boneless loin imported new zealand
turkey raw with added solution meat and skin breast retail parts
turkey raw with added solution meat and skin dark meat from whole
game meat raw trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only ribeye bison
cake unenriched other than all butter commercially prepared pound
chicken stewed cooked and giblets and neck meat and skin stewing
fish solids with bone and liquid without salt canned pink salmon
fish drained solids with bone without salt canned sockeye salmon
oil filling fat (non-hydrogenated) palm and palm kernel industrial
kraft free singles american nonfat pasteurized process cheese product
prego pasta ready-to-serve italian sausage and garlic italian sauce
cereals salt prepared with water quaker multigrain oatmeal quaker
austin reduced fat sandwich-type cheddar cheese on cheese crackers
beverages prepared with water frozen concentrate fruit punch drink
sauce refrigerated ready-to-serve pesto with basil buitoni pesto
cereals ready-to-eat kretschmer honey crunch wheat germ sun country
pillsbury refrigerated dough artificial flavor buttermilk biscuits
cereals ready-to-eat cap'n crunch's oops! all berries cereal quaker
pork roasted heated separable lean only bone-in rump ham cured
hyacinth-beans without salt drained boiled cooked immature seeds
babyfood strained without ascorbic acid prunes with tapioca fruit
cowpeas without salt drained boiled cooked young pods with seeds
campbell's chunky soups grilled chicken with vegetables & pasta soup
beverages decaffeinated prepared with tap water brewed black tea
supper bakes meal kits herb chicken with rice (chicken not included)
potatoes pan-fried in canola oil prepared refrigerated hash brown
chicken stewed cooked meat and skin dark meat broilers or fryers
apricots solids and liquids without skin heavy syrup pack canned
veal braised cooked separable lean and fat shank (fore and hind)
balsam-pear (bitter gourd) with salt drained boiled cooked pods
snacks harvest cheddar flavor multigrain snack sunchips fritolay
lamb raw separable lean and fat fore-shank imported new zealand
beef pan-browned cooked crumbles 90% lean meat / 10% fat ground
wheat flour enriched unbleached 11.5% protein white (industrial)
campbell's healthy request condensed homestyle chicken noodle soup
infant formula powder with iron good start essentials soy nestle
lima beans solids and liquids regular pack canned immature seeds
cereals ready-to-eat oat blenders with honey & almonds malt-o-meal
lamb raw separable lean and fat tenderloin imported new zealand
grapes raw red or green (european type such as thompson seedless)
babyfood toddler fortified instant dry oatmeal cereal with fruit
chicken roasted cooked meat and skin and giblets and neck capons
agutuk fish/berry with seal oil (alaskan ice cream) (alaska native)
cereals ready-to-eat reduced sugar frosted flakes cereal kellogg's
cereals ready-to-eat kellogg's rice krispies treats cereal kellogg
pork roasted canned extra lean (approximately 4% fat) ham cured
pork roasted regular (approximately 11% fat) boneless ham cured
beef pan-browned cooked crumbles 70% lean meat / 30% fat ground
morningstar farms roasted garlic & quinoa burger unprepared frozen
kellogg's mixed berry granola nutri-grain frozen fruit pizza eggo
beef pan-browned cooked crumbles 75% lean meat / 25% fat ground
campbell's chunky soups baked potato with cheddar & bacon bits soup
lamb raw separable lean and fat neck chops imported new zealand
cereals ready-to-eat raisin bran clusters fiber one general mills
snacks and e c with vitamins a farley fruit snacks farley candy
popeyes meat and skin with breading drumstick mild fried chicken
gourd with salt drained boiled cooked white-flowered (calabash)
banquet unprepared frozen family size salisbury steak with gravy
lamb raw separable lean and fat hind-shank imported new zealand
margarine-like without salt stick 80% fat butter-margarine blend
beans without salt boiled cooked mature seeds royal red kidney
peppers solids and liquids excluding seeds canned red hot chili
candies prepared-by-recipe with nuts chocolate marshmallow fudge
orange juice with added calcium includes from concentrate chilled
chicken raw meat and skin and giblets and neck broilers or fryers
turkey raw with added solution meat only from whole bird breast
cereals ready-to-eat kellogg raisin bran with omega-3 from flaxseed
soup single brand ready-to-serve chunky chicken mushroom chowder
alcoholic beverage gewurztraminer late harvest white table wine
biscuits baked higher fat refrigerated dough plain or buttermilk
kfc meat and skin with breading thigh extra crispy fried chicken
restaurant arroz con frijoles negros (rice and black beans) latino
beef pan-browned cooked crumbles 85% lean meat / 15% fat ground
beef pan-browned cooked crumbles 80% lean meat / 20% fat ground
pork cooked with added solution composite of separable fat fresh
wheat flour unenriched bleached 11.5% protein white (industrial)
luncheon meat includes spam (hormel) canned minced pork with ham
beverages light cranberry and raspberry flavored juice ocean spray
prego pasta ready-to-serve chunky garden combination italian sauce
austin reduced fat sandwich-type peanut butter on cheese crackers
austin reduced fat sandwich-type peanut butter on toasty crackers
chicken heated (microwave) barbecue flavored glazed frozen wing
infant formula ready-to-feed with iron good start supreme nestle
artichokes without salt drained boiled cooked (globe or french)
milk with added vitamin a and vitamin d nonfat evaporated canned
squash without salt drained boiled cooked all varieties summer
toaster pastries brown sugar cinnamon kellogg's pop tarts kellogg
beef raw separable lean and fat tenderloin imported new zealand
infant formula powder infant premium lipil enfamil mead johnson
morningstar farms meal starters veggie meatballs unprepared frozen
morningstar farms grillers chik'n veggie patties unprepared frozen
cereals ready-to-eat natural granola apple cranberry almond quaker
gourd without salt drained boiled cooked dishcloth (towelgourd)
puddings sodium potassium with added oil regular dry mix lemon
babyfood strained without ascorbic acid plums with tapioca fruit
spinach with salt drained boiled cooked chopped or leaf frozen
pork braised cooked kidneys variety meats and by-products fresh
soup prepared with equal volume water canned vegetarian vegetable
pie crust chilled vanilla wafer prepared from recipe cookie-type
beans without salt boiled cooked mature seeds cranberry (roman)
beans without salt boiled cooked mature seeds all types kidney
fast foods and condiments cheese egg with breakfast steak bagel
rice and vermicelli mix prepared with 80% margarine chicken flavor
snacks no trans fat regular flavor microwave oil-popped popcorn
snacks gluten- free made with cornstarch and potato flour pretzels
english muffins toasted (includes apple-cinnamon) raisin-cinnamon
veal braised cooked separable lean only boneless whole breast
turkey bone removed with skin cooked smoked light or dark meat
soup single brand condensed canned split pea with ham and bacon
beef pan-browned cooked crumbles 95% lean meat / 5% fat ground
cereals dry apple cinnamon instant oatmeal kashi heart to heart
pork roasted cooked separable lean only whole leg (ham) fresh
campbell's homestyle healthy request mexican style chicken tortilla
infant formula ready-to-feed with iron similac abbott nutrition
subway black forest ham sub on white bread with lettuce and tomato
prego pasta ready-to-serve organic tomato and basil italian sauce
p rego pasta ready-to-serve roasted garlic and herb italian sauce
prego pasta ready-to-serve basil and garlic italian sauce tomato
ice creams all natural light vanilla chocolate strawberry breyers
peas without salt drained boiled cooked sprouted mature seeds
snacks unsalted made with unenriched flour plain hard pretzels
sunshine extra cheesy party mix 100 calorie right bites cheez-it
milk with added vitamin a and vitamin d 1% milkfat fluid lowfat
babyfood instant fortified dry rice with pears and apple cereal
beef pan-browned cooked crumbles 97% lean meat / 3% fat ground
pork unheated separable lean and fat blade roll shoulder cured
campbell's red and white - microwaveable bowls chicken noodle soup
beef raw separable lean and fat striploin imported new zealand
beef raw separable lean and fat hind shin imported new zealand
cereals ready-to-eat kellogg's special k multigrain oats and honey
cereals ready-to-eat kellogg's crunchy nut golden honey nut flakes
soup ready-to-serve chunky canned manhattan style clam chowder
pork raw separable lean and fat boneless shoulder petite tender
keebler chocolate graham cookies mint creme middles fudge shoppe
soup prepared with equal volume water canned split with ham pea
cereals ready-to-eat 25% reduced sugar cocoa puffs general mills
beef raw separable lean only oyster blade imported new zealand
kellogg's strawberry granola nutri-grain frozen fruit pizza eggo
restaurant cheese and lettuce soft taco with ground beef mexican
pancakes incomplete (includes buttermilk) dry mix low fat plain
cereals without salt prepared with water instant cream of wheat
fast food regular crust pepperoni topping 14" pizza pizza chain
english muffins with ca prop (includes sourdough) enriched plain
campbell's chunky soups savory chicken with white & wild rice soup
veal cooked separable lean only composite of trimmed retail cuts
digiorno pizza baked frozen thin crispy crust pepperoni topping
salad dressing without salt regular commercial italian dressing
soymilk (all flavors) vitamins a and d with added calcium lowfat
cherries solids and liquids extra heavy syrup pack canned sweet
biscuits baked lower fat refrigerated dough plain or buttermilk
beverages high vitamin c greater than 3% juice fruit juice drink
margarine-like spread smart beat super light without saturated fat
beverages powder low calorie breakfast type orange-flavor drink
milk with added calcium reduced fat commercial fluid chocolate
turkey raw with added solution meat only from whole bird thigh
snacks made with enriched masa flour nacho-flavor tortilla chips
doughnuts unenriched (includes honey buns) glazed yeast-leavened
cereals dry maple brown sugar crunch kellogg's special k nourish
chicken roasted cooked meat and skin breast broilers or fryers
broadbeans (fava beans) without salt boiled cooked mature seeds
pork roasted cooked separable lean only tenderloin loin fresh
kfc meat and skin with breading wing extra crispy fried chicken
lamb raw separable lean and fat loin chop imported new zealand
chicken roasted cooked meat only light meat broilers or fryers
crackers with peanut butter filling sandwich standard snack-type
kraft velveeta light reduced fat pasteurized process cheese product
beverages sweetened ginseng and honey ready to drink green tea
campbell's red and white - microwaveable bowls vegetable beef soup
luncheon meat includes spam lite canned minced pork and chicken
game meat roasted cooked composite of cuts domesticated rabbit
morningstar farms sausage style recipe crumbles unprepared frozen
kashi pizza unprepared frozen single serve mushroom and spinach
pork broiled cooked separable lean only tenderloin loin fresh
puddings prepared with whole milk regular dry mix coconut cream
puddings prepared with whole milk instant dry mix coconut cream
bread made with low fat (2%) milk prepared from recipe cornbread
peppers without salt drained boiled chopped frozen red sweet
soymilk vitamins a and d with added calcium original and vanilla
beverages ready-to-drink lemon-lime flavored powerade coca-cola
nuts packaged flaked sweetened dried (desiccated) coconut meat
winged beans without salt drained boiled cooked immature seeds
beef pan-browned cooked crumbles 93% lean meat / 7% fat ground
grapefruit juice undiluted unsweetened frozen concentrate white
seeds with salt added (decorticated) toasted sesame seed kernels
george weston bakeries dry brownberry sage and onion stuffing mix
infant formula ready-to-feed nutramigen aa enfamil mead johnson
beef raw separable lean and fat eye round imported new zealand
beef raw separable lean and fat cube roll imported new zealand
cake enriched other than all butter commercially prepared pound
pork braised cooked tongue variety meats and by-products fresh
babyfood junior without ascorbic acid prunes with tapioca fruit
veal grilled cooked separable lean and fat blade chop shoulder
veal braised cooked separable lean and fat osso buco foreshank
breakfast bars coconut (include granola bar) raisins sugar oats
campbell's red and white condensed old fashioned tomato rice soup
cereals ready-to-eat mother's peanut butter bumpers cereal quaker
veal raw separable lean and fat composite of trimmed retail cuts
keebler original magic middles fudge filled cookies fudge shoppe
cream substitute with lauric acid oil and sodium caseinate liquid
cheese food without added vitamin d american pasteurized process
veal raw separable lean and fat bone-in fore shank australian
soymilk (all flavors) vitamins a and d with added calcium nonfat
digiorno pizza baked frozen cheese stuffed crust cheese topping
kellogg's yum-azing vanilla milkshake toaster pastries pop-tarts
corn rinsed with tap water drained solids canned yellow sweet
cowpeas with salt drained boiled cooked young pods with seeds
fish without skin and bones drained solids canned pink salmon
turkey raw with added solution meat only from whole bird back
pork roasted cooked separable lean only whole shoulder fresh
beans without salt drained boiled cooked frozen yellow snap
noodles dehydrated cellophane or long rice (mung beans) chinese
beverages fortified prepared with 1% milk chocolate malt powder
wheat flour enriched bleached 11.5% protein white (industrial)
wheat flour enriched unbleached 10% protein white (industrial)
whale skin and subcutaneous fat (muktuk) (alaska native) bowhead
cereals ready-to-eat crunchy almond oatmeal crisp general mills
potatoes without salt flesh and skin cooked in skin microwaved
chicken roasted cooked meat and skin thigh broilers or fryers
pigeon peas (red gram) without salt boiled cooked mature seeds
refried beans traditional style (includes usda commodity) canned
pork braised cooked brain variety meats and by-products fresh
cookies chocolate-coated (includes marshmallow pies) marshmallow
poultry raw from backs and necks with skin mechanically deboned
pork simmered cooked tail variety meats and by-products fresh
pork simmered cooked feet variety meats and by-products fresh
pork roasted separable lean and fat blade roll shoulder cured
soup commercial prepared with equal volume water canned tomato
beef raw separable lean only rump centre imported new zealand
cookies lower fat regular commercially prepared chocolate chip
nuts without salt added without peanuts oil roasted mixed nuts
kraft foods dry coating for pork shake 'n' bake original recipe
pork raw separable lean and fat boneless leg sirloin tip roast
keebler original graham cookies cheesecake middles fudge shoppe
morningstar farms chipotle black bean crumbles unprepared frozen
pork braised cooked liver variety meats and by-products fresh
pork braised cooked lungs variety meats and by-products fresh
campbell's chunky soups beef rib roast with potatoes & herbs soup
turkey roast raw light and dark meat seasoned frozen boneless
veal raw separable lean and fat whole (arm and blade) shoulder
infant formula powder with iron good start 2 essentials nestle
hyacinth-beans with salt drained boiled cooked immature seeds
mustard spinach with salt drained boiled cooked (tendergreen)
leavening agents straight phosphate double-acting baking powder
beef raw separable lean only bolar blade imported new zealand
salad dressing without salt regular commercial french dressing
syrups hershey's genuine chocolate flavored lite syrup chocolate
snacks chewy trail mix nature valley general mills granola bar
kellogg's cinnamon brown sugar baked bites pop-tarts mini crisps
lamb raw separable lean only loin saddle imported new zealand
toaster pastries frosted wild berry kellogg's pop tarts kellogg
cereals without salt prepared with water chocolate malt-o-meal
turkey raw with added solution meat only from whole bird wing
kellogg's chocolate chip cookie dough toaster pastries pop-tarts
chicken stewed cooked meat and skin breast broilers or fryers
tomatoes no salt added packed in tomato juice canned ripe red
salad dressing soybean without cholesterol imitation mayonnaise
chicken stewed cooked meat only light meat broilers or fryers
chicken roasted cooked meat only dark meat broilers or fryers
fish drained solids with bone without salt canned chum salmon
beverages powder orange flavor gatorade quaker oats drink mix
peas without salt drained boiled cooked frozen edible-podded
wheat flour unenriched bleached 10% protein white (industrial)
candies fruit and creme starburst fruit chews mars snackfood us
campbell's red and white - microwaveable bowls creamy tomato soup
game meat stewed cooked composite of cuts domesticated rabbit
salad dressing omega plus light smart balance light mayonnaise
beverages b6 e c fortified with vitamins a orange mango fuze
succotash without salt drained boiled cooked (corn and limas)
cracker barrel from kid's menu fried chicken tenderloin platter
pork raw separable lean and fat country-style ribs loin fresh
cookies made with margarine prepared from recipe chocolate chip
pork roasted separable lean and fat arm picnic shoulder cured
beans low sodium solids and liquids canned mature seeds pinto
infant formula ready-to-feed low iron similac abbott nutrition
wheat flour unenriched bleached 13% protein white (industrial)
wheat flour unenriched bleached 15% protein white (industrial)
fast foods and condiments cheese sausage patty with egg bagel
grapefruit solids and liquids light syrup pack canned sections
pork roasted canned regular (approximately 13% fat) ham cured
candies original fruits starburst fruit chews mars snackfood us
cereals ready-to-eat cinnamon pecan kellogg's special k kellogg
infant formula ready-to-feed with iron good start 2 soy gerber
toaster pastries frosted strawberry kellogg's pop tarts kellogg
carrabba's italian grill chicken parmesan without cavatappi pasta
beef braised cooked choice separable lean only shortribs rib
chicken raw with added solution meat only drumstick dark meat
pork unheated separable lean and fat bone-in shank ham cured
pork unheated separable lean and fat bone-in slice ham cured
babyfood junior without ascorbic acid plums with tapioca fruit
pork braised cooked heart variety meats and by-products fresh
campbell's chunky soups firehouse - hot & spicy beef & bean chili
cereals ready-to-eat kellogg's special k low fat granola kellogg
soup prepared with equal volume water canned cream of asparagus
syrups with added potassium with 2% maple pancake table blends
soup prepared with equal volume low fat (2%) milk canned tomato
bread frozen commercially prepared whole wheat chapati or roti
candies tropical fruits starburst fruit chews mars snackfood us
cheese product vitamin d fortified american pasteurized process
cabbage without salt drained boiled cooked chinese (pak-choi)
turkey raw with added solution skin from whole (light and dark)
turkey roasted cooked with added solution meat only dark meat
turkey from whole raw with added solution meat only light meat
chicken raw with added solution meat and skin thigh dark meat
cabbage raw stored common (danish domestic and pointed types)
milk without added vitamin a and vitamin d 3.25% milkfat whole
apricots solids and liquids with skin heavy syrup pack canned
apricots solids and liquids with skin light syrup pack canned
lamb raw separable lean only neck chops imported new zealand
lamb raw separable lean only hind-shank imported new zealand
veal braised cooked separable lean only shank (fore and hind)
popeyes meat and skin with breading breast mild fried chicken
chicken stewed cooked meat only drumstick broilers or fryers
chicken raw meat only drumstick dark meat broilers or fryers
turkey skin and bone removed cooked smoked light or dark meat
cereals ready-to-eat cap'n crunch's peanut butter crunch quaker
swamp cabbage (skunk cabbage) with salt drained boiled cooked
plums solids and liquids extra heavy syrup pack purple canned
beverages ready-to-drink vanilla flavor sweetened almond milk
chicken roasted cooked meat and skin back broilers or fryers
morningstar farms tomato & basil pizza burger unprepared frozen
beef pan-broiled cooked patty 90% lean meat / 10% fat ground
beef pan-broiled cooked patty 85% lean meat / 15% fat ground
cookies regular (includes vanilla) commercially prepared sugar
beverages cranberry energy juice drink cran-energy ocean spray
fish dry heat cooked mixed species pacific and jack mackerel
rice cooked without salt unenriched regular long-grain white
cereals dry dates and walnuts raisins instant oatmeal quaker
chicken stewed cooked meat and skin thigh broilers or fryers
snacks unsalted made with enriched flour plain hard pretzels
fast foods and tomatoes ground beef beans with cheese nachos
morningstar farms lasagna with veggie sausage unprepared frozen
rice prepared enriched precooked or instant long-grain white
cereals ready-to-eat hearty raisin oatmeal crisp general mills
lima beans without salt drained boiled cooked immature seeds
grapes solids and liquids water pack thompson seedless canned
cranberry juice cocktail prepared with water frozen concentrate
toaster pastries frosted raspberry kellogg's pop tarts kellogg
beverages prepared with water powder with aspartame cocoa mix
infant formula ready-to-feed protect plus good start 2 gerber
beef raw separable lean only tenderloin imported new zealand
toaster pastries frosted blueberry kellogg's pop tarts kellogg
pork raw separable lean only tenderloin loin enhanced fresh
pork raw with added solution composite of separable fat fresh
soup prepared with equal volume water canned chicken with rice
cereals ready-to-eat regular kretschmer wheat germ sun country
fast food thick crust pepperoni topping 14" pizza pizza chain
gourd with salt drained boiled cooked dishcloth (towelgourd)
campbell's red and white condensed mega noodle in chicken broth
game meat broiled cooked separable lean only tenderloin deer
cereals ready-to-eat kellogg's honey crunch corn flakes kellogg
candies m&m's peanut butter chocolate candies mars snackfood us
onion rings heated in oven prepared frozen par fried breaded
campbell's soup on the go vegetable with mini round noodles soup
chicken batter fried cooked meat and skin broilers or fryers
cabbage without salt drained boiled cooked chinese (pe-tsai)
lamb raw separable lean only tenderloin imported new zealand
beverages with vitamin e added reduced sugar fruit juice drink
muffins made with low fat (2%) milk prepared from recipe plain
muffins commercially prepared (includes mini-muffins) blueberry
margarine-like with salt liquid fat free vegetable oil spread
artichokes with salt drained boiled cooked (globe or french)
ice creams vanilla chocolate strawberry no sugar added breyers
broadbeans without salt drained boiled cooked immature seeds
turkey raw with added solution meat only breast retail parts
doughnuts enriched (includes honey buns) glazed yeast-leavened
lamb raw separable lean only fore-shank imported new zealand
chicken fried cooked meat only light meat broilers or fryers
chicken stewed cooked meat only dark meat broilers or fryers
beef pan-broiled cooked patty 80% lean meat / 20% fat ground
beef pan-broiled cooked patty 75% lean meat / 25% fat ground
beans with salt boiled cooked mature seeds all types kidney
beans with salt boiled cooked mature seeds cranberry (roman)
pork roasted cooked separable lean and fat whole loin fresh
pork broiled cooked separable lean and fat whole loin fresh
wheat flour unenriched bleached 9% protein white (industrial)
campbell's red and white - microwaveable bowls chicken rice soup
digiorno pizza baked frozen thin crispy crust supreme topping
usda commodity cooked frozen bulk/links/patties sausage pork
restaurant without meat or noodles vegetable chow mein chinese
chicken cooked simmered meat and skin neck broilers or fryers
prego pasta ready-to-serve diced onion and garlic italian sauce
beverages decaffeinated prepared with tap water brewed coffee
soup prepared with equal volume milk canned cream of asparagus
morningstar farms chik'n grill veggie patties unprepared frozen
pigeonpeas without salt drained boiled cooked immature seeds
milk without added vitamin a and vitamin d regular nonfat dry
cereals dry brown sugar dinosaur eggs instant oatmeal quaker
babyfood strained without ascorbic acid fruit dessert dessert
chicken roasted cooked meat and skin wing broilers or fryers
candies skittles wild berry bite size candies mars snackfood us
restaurant fried battered or breaded fish fillet family style
pork unheated separable lean and fat bone-in rump ham cured
fast food regular crust sausage topping 14" pizza pizza chain
soup prepared with equal volume water canned cream of mushroom
milk without added vitamin a and vitamin d instant nonfat dry
squash with salt drained boiled cooked all varieties summer
soy sauce made from hydrolyzed vegetable protein reduced sodium
soup ready-to-serve canned reduced sodium beef and vegetables
veal raw separable lean only cubed for stew (leg and shoulder)
beans without salt boiled cooked mature seeds great northern
campbell's chunky soups healthy request new england clam chowder
snacks salted made with unenriched flour plain hard pretzels
cherries solids and liquids heavy syrup pack canned red sour
cherries solids and liquids light syrup pack canned red sour
rice and vermicelli mix prepared with 80% margarine beef flavor
kashi frozen entree roasted garlic chicken farfalle steam meal
babyfood prepared with whole milk with bananas oatmeal cereal
turkey raw with added solution meat only dark meat from whole
domino's 14" extravaganzza feast pizza classic hand-tossed crust
cowpeas raw mature seeds common (blackeyes crowder southern)
fast foods meat and skin with breading drumstick fried chicken
bread commercially prepared (includes soft bread crumbs) white
broccoli without salt drained boiled cooked chopped frozen
turkey roasted cooked from dark meat from retail parts skin
kellogg's frosted wild fruit fusion toaster pastries pop-tarts
fast foods with condiments regular patty cheeseburger; single
chicken fried cooked meat only drumstick broilers or fryers
chicken roasted cooked meat and skin leg broilers or fryers
fast foods and canadian bacon cheese with egg english muffin
salad dressing with salt soybean and safflower oil mayonnaise
crustaceans moist heat cooked farmed mixed species crayfish
formulated bar milk chocolate peanut slim-fast optima meal bar
chicken stewed cooked meat and skin back broilers or fryers
pizza cooked frozen regular crust meat and vegetable topping
beans boiled with salt cooked mature seeds royal red kidney
morningstar farms italian herb chik'n pattie unprepared frozen
subway turkey breast sub on white bread with lettuce and tomato
prego pasta ready-to-serve mushroom and parmesan italian sauce
seeds with salt added roasted whole pumpkin and squash seeds
keebler cookies 'n creme fudge shoppe 100 calorie right bites
campbell's red and white condensed 25% less sodium tomato soup
bread unenriched (includes corn muffin mix) dry mix cornbread
cereals ready-to-eat pecan bunches honey bunches of oats post
pie crust baked enriched ready-to-bake frozen standard-type
broadbeans (fava beans) with salt boiled cooked mature seeds
beverage not reconstituted chocolate instant breakfast powder
cereals dry cheddar cheese flavor instant corn grits quaker
vegetables without salt drained boiled cooked frozen mixed
bread low sodium no salt toasted commercially prepared white
cereals ready-to-eat oat cluster cheerios crunch general mills
beef pan-broiled patty cooked 70% lean meat / 30% fat ground
subway lettuce and tomato b.l.t. sub on white bread with bacon
morningstar farms spicy indian veggie burger unprepared frozen
popeyes meat and skin with breading thigh mild fried chicken
beef raw separable lean only eye round imported new zealand
beef raw separable lean only cube roll imported new zealand
snacks chocolate-flavor confectioner's coating hard pretzels
pepperidge farm explosive pizza baked snack crackers goldfish
crackers with peanut butter filling sandwich-type whole grain
soup prepared with equal volume water canned cream of chicken
puddings prepared with 2% milk regular dry mix coconut cream
cereals ready-to-eat kretschmer toasted wheat bran sun country
tofu prepared with calcium sulfate salted and fermented (fuyu)
veal braised cooked separable lean only osso buco foreshank
veal raw separable lean only composite of trimmed retail cuts
keebler bite size rainbow chocolate chip cookies chips deluxe
soup reduced sodium reduced fat any flavor dry ramen noodle
beverages dannon fluoride to go non-carbonated bottled water
game meat broiled cooked separable lean only tenderloin elk
veal raw separable lean only bone-in fore shank australian
seeds with salt added roasted pumpkin and squash seed kernels
kellogg's frosted strawberry baked bites pop-tarts mini crisps
collards without salt drained boiled cooked chopped frozen
chicken flour fried cooked meat and skin broilers or fryers
fast food regular crust cheese topping 14" pizza pizza chain
fat free ice cream flavors other than chocolate no sugar added
agutuk fish with shortening (alaskan ice cream) (alaska native)
fish drained solids with bone canned in oil atlantic sardine
cereals dry cinnamon raisin pecan kellogg's special k nourish
muffins made with low fat (2%) milk prepared from recipe corn
beef pan-broiled cooked patty 95% lean meat / 5% fat ground
soup single brand ready-to-serve chunky chicken corn chowder
lamb raw separable lean only loin chop imported new zealand
chicken fried cooked meat only dark meat broilers or fryers
fish drained solids without salt canned in water light tuna
fish drained solids without salt canned in water white tuna
lamb raw mechanically separated variety meats and by-products
soup single brand ready-to-serve microwavable vegetable beef
wheat flour enriched bleached 10% protein white (industrial)
cereals ready-to-eat honey roasted honey bunches of oats post
infant formula powder with ara and dha good start soy nestle
beans drained without salt boiled cooked frozen green snap
fast food stuffed crust cheese topping 14" pizza pizza chain
gardenburger savory portabella veggie burger unprepared frozen
soup low sodium prepared with water canned vegetable chicken
peppers with salt drained boiled chopped frozen red sweet
jams and preserves any flavor no sugar (with sodium saccharin)
soup prepared with equal volume water canned chicken mushroom
infant formula ready-to-feed with iron prosobee mead johnson
cereals ready-to-eat nutty clusters & almonds fiber one general mills
pasta cooked remaining enriched semolina 51% whole wheat whole grain
snacks peanut sweet&salty nut general mills nature valley granola bar
squash without salt or baked drained boiled cooked spaghetti winter
keebler mini fudge stripes cookies fudge shoppe 100 calorie right bites
kfc meat and skin with breading drumstick original recipe fried chicken
peppers solids and liquids excluding seeds pods canned green hot chili
pork raw separable lean and fat boneless center loin (chops) loin fresh
chicken braised cooked with added solution meat and skin thigh dark meat
margarine with added vitamin d with salt stick composite 80% fat regular
beef braised cooked separable lean and fat hind shin imported new zealand
supper bakes meal kits southwestern-style chicken w/rice (chicken not included)
beef fast fried cooked separable lean only rump centre imported new zealand
beef raw choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only roast tip round round
beef boiled cooked tongue variety meats and by-products imported new zealand
lamb raw separable lean and fat square-cut shoulder chops imported new zealand
kellogg's ice cream shoppe frosted strawberry milkshake toaster pastries pop-tarts
pork braised cooked separable lean only bone-in center rib (chops) loin fresh
beef raw choice trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat arm pot roast chuck
beef raw select trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat arm pot roast chuck
pork roasted cooked separable lean only boneless top loin (roasts) loin fresh
apple juice without added ascorbic acid undiluted unsweetened frozen concentrate
shortening pourable liquid fry shortening soy (partially hydrogenated) industrial
bagels without calcium propionate(includes onion poppy sesame) unenriched plain
pork roasted cooked bone-in separable lean only country-style ribs loin fresh
cereals reduced sugar variety of flavors fruit and cream instant oatmeal quaker
pork roasted cooked separable lean and fat boneless blade (roasts) loin fresh
beef raw choice trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only steak top round round
beef slow roasted cooked separable lean and fat eye round imported new zealand
beef fast roasted cooked separable lean and fat cube roll imported new zealand
beef braised cooked separable lean and fat chuck eye roll imported new zealand
cereals ready-to-eat bite size maple & brown sugar frosted mini-wheats kellogg's
babyfood multigrain cereal and added iron fortified with fruit whole milk yogurt
fast foods turkey breast on white bread with lettuce and tomato submarine sandwich
beef raw select trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only steak top round round
toaster pastries frosted brown sugar cinnamon kellogg's low fat pop tarts kellogg
beef raw choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only boneless chuck eye steak
beef raw select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only boneless chuck eye steak
pork unheated separable lean only boneless whole ham with natural juices cured
candies candy bar soft nougats peanut butter milk chocolate reese's fast break
oil multiuse for non-dairy butter flavor soy (partially hydrogenated) industrial
lamb raw choice trimmed to 1/4" fat separable lean and fat foreshank domestic
bagels without calcium propionate (includes onion poppy sesame) enriched plain
margarine-like with added vitamin d with salt tub 60% fat vegetable oil spread
pork roasted cooked separable lean and fat bone-in blade (roasts) loin fresh
lima beans without salt drained boiled cooked fordhook frozen immature seeds
pork raw separable lean and fat boneless sirloin (chops or roasts) loin fresh
pork roasted cooked separable lean only boneless sirloin (roasts) loin fresh
english muffins without calcium propionate (includes sourdough) unenriched plain
chickpeas (garbanzo beans bengal gram) without salt boiled cooked mature seeds
milk with added vitamin a and vitamin d reduced fat commercial fluid chocolate
cake with added fiber low-fat chocolate with frosting creme-filled snack cakes
continental mills dry artificially flavored krusteaz almond poppyseed muffin mix
cereals with salt cooked with water enriched quick regular yellow corn grits
babyfood multigrain cereal and added dha fortified with fruit whole milk yogurt
infant formula ready-to-feed advance with iron isomil similac abbott nutrition
pork unheated separable lean and fat bone-in rump ham and water product cured
squash with salt drained boiled cooked frozen includes skin zucchini summer
potatoes unprepared frozen salt not added in processing steak cut french fried
beef fast roasted cooked separable lean only bolar blade imported new zealand
pork raw separable lean only boneless center rib (chops or roasts) loin fresh
beef braised cooked choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only steak flank
lamb fast roasted cooked separable lean only loin saddle imported new zealand
pork unheated separable lean only bone-in shank ham with natural juices cured
pork unheated separable lean only bone-in slice ham with natural juices cured
beverages e c with added vitamins a 100% juice vegetable and fruit juice blend
pork broiled cooked separable lean only boneless top loin (chops) loin fresh
pork braised cooked separable lean only boneless top loin (chops) loin fresh
beef raw all grades trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only flat half brisket
lamb raw choice trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat foreshank domestic
snacks made with enriched masa flour barbecue-flavor chips extruded corn-based
pork roasted cooked separable lean only boston (roasts) blade shoulder fresh
pork broiled cooked separable lean only boston (steaks) blade shoulder fresh
beef fast fried cooked separable lean and fat tenderloin imported new zealand
beef raw all grades trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only steak top sirloin
potatoes as purchased frozen salt added in processing steak fries french fried
lamb fast fried cooked separable lean and fat tenderloin imported new zealand
snacks with vitamin c berry flavored betty crocker fruit roll ups general mills
snacks unsalted made with partially hydrogenated soybean oil plain potato chips
beef broiled cooked choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only steak flank
beef broiled cooked select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only steak flank
pork raw separable lean and fat bone-in sirloin (chops or roasts) loin fresh
pork roasted cooked separable lean only bone-in sirloin (roasts) loin fresh
kellogg's ice cream shoppe frosted ice creme sandwich toaster pastries pop-tarts
beef raw all grades trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat whole brisket
infant formula powder lipil toddler gentlease enfagrow enfamil mead johnson
yogurt sweetened with low-calorie sweetener nonfat milk vanilla or lemon flavor
beverages zero calories pomegranate with anti-oxidants yumberry bottled water
pork broiled cooked separable lean and fat bone-in blade (chops) loin fresh
shortening confectionery coconut (hydrogenated) and or palm kernel (hydrogenated)
pork broiled cooked separable lean only boneless sirloin (chops) loin fresh
pork braised cooked separable lean only boneless sirloin (chops) loin fresh
beef fast fried cooked separable lean and fat striploin imported new zealand
beef braised cooked separable lean and fat oyster blade imported new zealand
beef raw all grades trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only steak tenderloin
cake with added fiber low-fat with icing or filling not chocolate snack cakes
potatoes as purchased frozen salt added in processing shoestring french fried
beef boiled cooked kidney variety meats and by-products imported new zealand
corn without salt drained boiled cooked kernels on cob frozen yellow sweet
pork unheated separable lean and fat boneless whole ham -- water added cured
beef raw choice trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat steak top sirloin
beef raw select trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat steak top sirloin
lamb fast fried cooked separable lean and fat loin chop imported new zealand
chicken braised cooked with added solution meat and skin drumstick dark meat
chicken roasted cooked with added solution meat and skin drumstick dark meat
orange juice with added calcium and vitamin d includes from concentrate chilled
pork roasted extra lean (approximately 5% fat) low sodium boneless ham cured
chicken braised cooked meat only boneless skinless breast broiler or fryers
chicken grilled cooked meat only boneless skinless breast broiler or fryers
pork unheated separable lean only bone-in rump ham with natural juices cured
pork raw separable lean only bone-in center rib (chops or roasts) loin fresh
beef raw choice trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat blade roast chuck
beef raw select trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat blade roast chuck
margarine includes regular and hydrogenated corn and soybean oils stick 80% fat
turkey from whole roasted cooked with added solution meat and skin light meat
oil roasting nuts oil sprays principal uses candy coatings coconut industrial
lamb broiled cooked separable lean and fat loin frozen imported new zealand
oil non-dairy used for whipped toppings palm kernel (hydrogenated)  industrial
usda commodity drained light syrup canned mixed fruit (peaches pears grapes)
pork unheated separable lean only boneless whole ham and water product cured
pork braised cooked separable lean and fat bone-in blade (chops) loin fresh
prego pasta ready-to-serve chunky garden mushroom and green pepper italian sauce
fast foods vegetables and ham large patty; with condiments cheeseburger; single
infant formula ready-to-feed toddler gentlease enfagrow enfamil mead johnson
beef raw select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only bone-in back ribs rib
beef raw choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only bone-in back ribs rib
potatoes oven-heated frozen salt added in processing steak fries french fried
subway lettuce and tomato steak & cheese sub on white bread with american cheese
beef raw all grades trimmed to 1/4" fat separable lean only clod roast chuck
cowpeas (blackeyes) without salt drained boiled cooked frozen immature seeds
infant formula with ara and dha ready-to-feed similac neosure abbott nutrition
shortening soybean (hydrogenated) palm and cottonseed special purpose for baking
bagels with calcium propionate (includes onion poppy sesame) unenriched plain
beef raw select trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat flat half brisket
beef raw select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only roast tip round round
beef raw choice trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat flat half brisket
turkey microwaved frozen assorted vegetables mashed potatoes w/gravy stuffing
cereals ready-to-eat usda commodity corn and rice (includes all commodity brands)
pork unheated separable lean and fat bone-in shank ham -- water added cured
pork braised cooked separable lean only bone-in sirloin (chops) loin fresh
pork broiled cooked separable lean only bone-in sirloin (chops) loin fresh
cereals ready-to-eat frosted mini-wheats bite size strawberry delight kellogg's
margarine with added vitamin d without salt stick composite 80% fat regular
fast foods roast beef on white bread with lettuce and tomato submarine sandwich
pork roasted cooked separable lean only boneless blade (roasts) loin fresh
nuts planters pistachio blend salt added with peanuts dry roasted mixed nuts
pillsbury golden layer buttermilk biscuits refrigerated dough artificial flavor
potatoes oven-heated frozen salt added in processing shoestring french fried
beef slow roasted cooked separable lean only eye round imported new zealand
beef braised cooked separable lean only chuck eye roll imported new zealand
beef fast roasted cooked separable lean only cube roll imported new zealand
lamb braised cooked separable lean only boneless flap imported new zealand
squash without salt drained boiled cooked crookneck and straightneck summer
kellogg's ice cream shoppe frosted vanilla milkshake toaster pastries pop-tarts
kfc skin and breading removed meat only drumstick extra crispy fried chicken
beverages all with morro seeds variety of brands unprepared dry mix horchata
chickpeas (garbanzo beans bengal gram) solids and liquids canned mature seeds
turkey roasted cooked with added solution meat and skin dark meat from whole
lamb raw separable lean and fat bone-in leg chop/steak imported new zealand
cereals no salt prepared with water quaker/mother's oat bran oat bran quaker
infant formula with ara and dha powder prosobee lipil next step mead johnson
apple juice with added ascorbic acid undiluted unsweetened frozen concentrate
prego pasta ready-to-serve onion and garlic italian sauce chunky garden tomato
soymilk vitamins a and d with added calcium light chocolate and other flavors
infant formula with ara and dha powder with iron lipil enfamil mead johnson
snacks salted made with partially hydrogenated soybean oil plain potato chips
corn without salt drained boiled cooked kernels on cob frozen white sweet
pork raw separable lean and fat blade (steaks) (boston butt) shoulder fresh
beef raw choice trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only arm pot roast chuck
beef raw select trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only arm pot roast chuck
pork pan-fried cooked separable lean only bone-in blade (chops) loin fresh
infant formula ready-to-feed dha and ara with iron good start supreme nestle
chicken braised cooked meat and skin drumstick dark meat broilers or fryers
seeds from roasted and toasted kernels (most common type) tahini sesame butter
grape juice with added ascorbic acid and calcium unsweetened canned or bottled
pork unheated separable lean and fat bone-in slice ham -- water added cured
kfc skin and breading removed meat only breast original recipe fried chicken
beef boiled cooked heart variety meats and by-products imported new zealand
beef raw choice trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat steak tenderloin
beef raw select trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat steak tenderloin
campbell's red and white condensed goldfish pasta with chicken in chicken broth
beverages not fortified with vitamin c less than 3% juice fruit flavored drink
pork separable lean only unheated bone-in shank ham and water product cured
pork unheated separable lean only bone-in slice ham and water product cured
infant formula with ara and dha powder go and grow similac abbott nutrition
kellogg's ice cream shoppe frosted hot fudge sundae toaster pastries pop-tarts
creamy dressing reduced calorie made with sour cream and/or buttermilk and oil
lamb raw choice trimmed to 1/4" fat separable lean only foreshank domestic
lima beans with salt drained boiled cooked fordhook frozen immature seeds
lamb braised cooked separable lean and fat fore-shank imported new zealand
potatoes whole milk and margarine without milk prepared from granules mashed
pork roasted cooked separable lean only bone-in blade (roasts) loin fresh
beef raw select trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat tip round round
beef raw choice trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat tip round round
chickpeas (garbanzo beans bengal gram) with salt boiled cooked mature seeds
pork raw separable lean only boneless sirloin (chops or roasts) loin fresh
english muffins with calcium propionate (includes sourdough) unenriched plain
english muffins without calcium propionate(includes sourdough) enriched plain
oil high oleic (primary safflower oil of commerce) salad or cooking safflower
infant formula with ara and dha powder for spit up similac abbott nutrition
pork broiled cooked separable lean and fat boneless petite tender shoulder
beef boiled tripe cooked variety meats and by-products imported new zealand
beef boiled cooked variety meats and by-products liver imported new zealand
lamb braised cooked separable lean and fat neck chops imported new zealand
beverages powder lemon-flavored sweetened with sodium saccharin instant tea
infant formula not reconstituted liquid concentrate store brand pbm products
lamb braised cooked separable lean and fat hind-shank imported new zealand
campbell's homestyle microwaveable bowls healthy request mexican style tortilla
lamb fast fried cooked separable lean only tenderloin imported new zealand
lamb raw separable lean only square-cut shoulder chops imported new zealand
beverages frozen concentrate with juice and pulp breakfast type orange drink
yogurt fortified with vitamin d 11 grams protein per 8 ounce low fat vanilla
bagels with calcium propionate (includes onion poppy sesame) enriched plain
shortening soy (partially hydrogenated ) for baking and confections industrial
infant formula liquid concentrate with iron isomil similac abbott nutrition
campbell's chunky microwavable bowls ready-to-serve chicken and dumplings soup
peas unprepared drained solids canned green (includes baby and lesuer types)
pork raw separable lean and fat bone-in blade (chops or roasts) loin fresh
bread and rice flour rice starch made with potato extract white gluten-free
beef fast fried cooked separable lean only tenderloin imported new zealand
infant formula with ara and dha ready-to-feed ar lipil enfamil mead johnson
pork unheated separable lean and fat bone-in rump ham -- water added cured
kfc skin and breading removed meat only thigh original recipe fried chicken
school lunch cooked frozen whole grain thick crust pepperoni topping pizza
beverages  without caffeine other than cola or pepper low calorie carbonated
squash without salt solid drained canned crookneck and straightneck summer
lamb raw separable lean and fat rack - partly frenched imported new zealand
campbell's chunky soups chicken noodle soup healthy request microwavable bowls
toaster pastries frosted (include apples blueberry cherry strawberry) fruit
pork unheated separable lean only bone-in rump ham and water product cured
cereals ready-to-eat usda commodity rice crisps (includes all commodity brands)
corn without salt drained boiled kernels cut off cob frozen yellow sweet
corn with salt drained boiled cooked kernels on cob frozen yellow sweet
cowpeas (blackeyes) with salt drained boiled cooked frozen immature seeds
lamb fast fried cooked separable lean only loin chop imported new zealand
babyfood prepared with whole milk with apple and orange high protein cereal
pork raw separable lean only bone-in sirloin (chops or roasts) loin fresh
formulated bar snickers marathon chewy chocolate peanut bar mars snackfood us
fast foods with condiments and vegetables regular patty cheeseburger; double
cereals ready-to-eat cinnamon brown sugar crunch special k protein kellogg's
cookies unenriched higher fat regular commercially prepared chocolate chip
infant formula not reconstituted powder with iron similac abbott nutrition
frozen novelties no sugar added 98% fat free slim-a-bear fudge bar klondike
frozen novelties and grape popsicle pops cherry orange sugar free ice type
beef raw select trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only steak top sirloin
beverages with added nutrients powder chocolate-flavor beverage mix for milk
pork braised cooked separable lean only bone-in blade (chops) loin fresh
pork broiled cooked separable lean only bone-in blade (chops) loin fresh
beverages, 3-2-1 plan whey powder high protein slimfast shake mix unilever
lamb raw separable lean and fat rack - fully frenched imported new zealand
fast foods cold cut on white bread with lettuce and tomato submarine sandwich
danish pastry unenriched (includes apple cinnamon raisin strawberry) fruit
babyfood baked whole grain corn snack lil crunchies graduates gerber snack
beef raw tripe uncooked variety meats and by-products imported new zealand
beef braised cooked separable lean only oyster blade imported new zealand
potatoes unprepared frozen salt added in processing all types french fried
beverages d2 b12 vitamins a fortified with calcium sweetened coconut milk
beef raw choice trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only steak top sirloin
cereals prepared with water with cinnamon and spice fortified instant oats
macaroni or noodles with cheese unprepared made from reduced fat packaged mix
school lunch cooked frozen whole grain thin crust pepperoni topping pizza
lamb broiled cooked separable lean only loin frozen imported new zealand
lima beans without salt drained boiled cooked baby frozen immature seeds
soup prepared with water or ready-to-serve reduced sodium canned bean & ham
baking chocolate m&m's semisweet chocolate mini baking bits mars snackfood us
fast foods with condiments and vegetables regular patty cheeseburger; single
shortening frying (heavy duty) linoleic (less than 1%) soybean (hydrogenated)
infant formula not reconstituted powder with iron pregestimil mead johnson
gelatin desserts prepared with water with aspartame reduced calorie dry mix
beef raw choice trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only flat half brisket
syrups lite syrup genuine chocolate flavored hershey's sugar free chocolate
pork raw with added solution separable lean and fat tenderloin loin fresh
beef raw select trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only flat half brisket
beef fast fried cooked separable lean only striploin imported new zealand
beef raw prime trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat top round round
succotash solids and liquids with whole kernel corn canned (corn and limas)
potatoes unprepared frozen salt added in processing roasted yellow fleshed
beef raw choice trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat full cut round
beef raw select trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat full cut round
cake in-store bakery commercially prepared with chocolate frosting chocolate
kfc skin and breading removed meat only wing original recipe fried chicken
toaster pastries toasted (include apple blueberry cherry strawberry) fruit
pork unheated separable lean only boneless whole ham -- water added cured
yogurt fortified with vitamin d 10 grams protein per 8 ounce low fat fruit
lamb raw choice trimmed to 1/4" fat separable lean and fat loin domestic
yogurt with low-calorie sweetener nonfat milk flavors not chocolate frozen
oil typical basis for ice cream coatings confection fat coconut industrial
kashi three cheese ravioli with mediterranean tomato sauce unprepared frozen
campbell's chunky microwavable bowls ready-to-serve new england clam chowder
lamb raw choice trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat loin domestic
infant formula not reconstituted powder low iron similac abbott nutrition
beef raw select trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only steak tenderloin
child formula with iron and fiber ready-to-feed pediasure abbott nutrition
cereals salt prepared with water quaker/mother's oat bran quaker oat bran
pork raw separable lean only boneless blade (chops or roasts) loin fresh
pork broiled cooked separable lean and fat boneless (chops) blade fresh
cereals ready-to-eat kellogg's frosted mini-wheats bite size blueberry muffin
pork braised cooked separable lean and fat boneless leg sirloin tip roast
chicken original seasoning rotisserie cooked skin only broilers or fryers
beef raw all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat steak flank
cheese food without added vitamin d imitation american pasteurized process
beef raw choice trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat top loin loin
beef raw select trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat top loin loin
pork raw separable lean only blade (steaks) (boston butt) shoulder fresh
veal roasted cooked separable lean and fat whole (arm and blade) shoulder
veal braised cooked separable lean and fat whole (arm and blade) shoulder
rolls made with tapioca starch and brown rice flour whole grain gluten-free
beef raw choice trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only steak tenderloin
cereals prepared with water with raisins and spice fortified instant oats
campbell's homestyle microwaveable bowls healthy request italian wedding soup
chicken braised cooked with added solution meat only drumstick dark meat
school lunch cooked frozen whole grain thick crust sausage topping pizza
kfc skin and breading removed meat only breast extra crispy fried chicken
lamb raw separable lean only bone-in leg chop/steak imported new zealand
keebler mini mints grasshopper cookies fudge shoppe 100 calorie right bites
infant formula ready-to-feed with iron alimentum similac abbott nutrition
fast foods and ranch sauce cheese with lettuce grilled chicken in tortilla
morningstar farms breakfast sausage patties maple flavored unprepared frozen
pork braised cooked separable lean and fat country-style ribs loin fresh
corn with salt drained boiled cooked kernels on cob frozen white sweet
corn without salt drained boiled kernels cut off cob frozen white sweet
bread made with tapioca starch and brown rice flour whole grain gluten-free
beverages with aspartame low calorie dry powdered mix fruit-flavored drink
chicken roasted cooked with added solution meat only drumstick dark meat
squash with salt drained boiled cooked crookneck and straightneck summer
game meat  broiled cooked 1" steak separable lean only top sirloin bison
cowpeas canned with pork mature seeds common (blackeyes crowder southern)
squash without salt drained boiled cooked includes skin zucchini summer
turkey from whole roasted cooked with added solution meat only light meat
chicken roasted cooked with added solution meat and skin thigh dark meat
pork unheated separable lean only bone-in slice ham -- water added cured
pork unheated separable lean only bone-in shank ham -- water added cured
lamb raw choice trimmed to 1/4" fat separable lean and fat rib domestic
corn with salt drained boiled cut off cob kernels frozen yellow sweet
lamb braised cooked separable lean only neck chops imported new zealand
lamb braised cooked separable lean only hind-shank imported new zealand
formulated bar snickers marathon double chocolate nut bar mars snackfood us
chicken roasted cooked meat only drumstick dark meat broilers or fryers
beans rinsed in tap water drained solids canned mature seeds red kidney
pork unheated separable lean only bone-in rump ham -- water added cured
lamb raw choice trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat rib domestic
pork raw separable lean only bone-in blade (chops or roasts) loin fresh
soup prepared with equal volume water low sodium condensed vegetable soup
chickpeas (garbanzo beans bengal gram) drained solids canned mature seeds
cookies enriched higher fat regular commercially prepared chocolate chip
infant formula with ara and dha ready-to-feed lipil enfamil mead johnson
infant formula powder not reconstituted pm 60/40 similac abbott nutrition
fast foods with condiments and vegetables large patty cheeseburger; double
milk with added vitamin a and vitamin d whole commercial fluid chocolate
popeyes skin and breading removed meat only drumstick mild fried chicken
cereals without salt cooked with water regular (10 minute) cream of wheat
veal not breaded pan-fried cooked separable lean and fat leg (top round)
cake in-store bakery with chocolate frosting commercially prepared yellow
beverages fortified with vitamin c diet citrus ready-to-drink green tea
pineapple juice diluted with 3 volume water unsweetened frozen concentrate
rolls and corn starch rice starch made with rice flour white gluten-free
school lunch cooked frozen whole grain thick crust cheese topping pizza
school lunch cooked frozen whole grain thin crust sausage topping pizza
kfc skin and breading removed meat only thigh extra crispy fried chicken
water fruit flavored with corn syrup and/or sugar and low calorie sweetener
margarine-like without salt stick/tub/bottle 60% fat vegetable oil spread
turkey roasted cooked with added solution meat only breast retail parts
lamb braised cooked separable lean only fore-shank imported new zealand
alcoholic beverage whiskey and powder mix prepared with water whiskey sour
soup prepared with equal volume low fat (2%) milk canned cream of mushroom
split pea soup prepared with water or ready-to serve reduced sodium canned
fast foods and ranch sauce cheese with lettuce crispy chicken in tortilla
fast foods large patty; with condiments and vegetables cheeseburger; single
balsam-pear (bitter gourd) without salt drained boiled cooked leafy tips
cereals ready-to-eat chocolate squares fiber one 80 calories general mills
morningstar farms breakfast biscuit sausage unprepared frozen egg & cheese
chicken braised cooked meat and skin thigh dark meat broilers or fryers
chicken braised cooked meat only drumstick dark meat broilers or fryers
milk without added vitamin a and vitamin d (fat free or skim) fluid nonfat
yogurt fortified with vitamin d 9 grams protein per 8 ounce low fat fruit
veal braised cooked separable lean only cubed for stew (leg and shoulder)
lamb raw separable lean and fat square-cut shoulder imported new zealand
lamb raw separable lean only rack - partly frenched imported new zealand
chicken batter fried cooked meat and skin light meat broilers or fryers
lamb raw separable lean only rack - fully frenched imported new zealand
infant formula powder lipil toddler soy enfagrow enfamil mead johnson
cereals ready-to-eat touch of brown sugar special k gluten free kellogg's
lima beans with salt drained boiled cooked baby frozen immature seeds
fast food regular crust meat and vegetable topping 14" pizza pizza chain
margarine with added vitamin d with salt tub composite 80% fat regular
pork raw separable lean and fat bone-in center loin (chops) loin fresh
beef raw choice trimmed to 1/4" fat separable lean only shank crosscuts
chicken heated (conventional oven) barbecue flavored glazed frozen wing
beans without salt drained boiled cooked sprouted mature seeds kidney
beverage not reconstituted sugar-free chocolate instant breakfast powder
beef raw aust. marble score 4/5 external fat wagyu imported australian
fast foods regular patty; with condiments and vegetables hamburger; single
cranberry juice blend with added vitamin c and calcium bottled 100% juice
beverages hot cocoa mix rich chocolate with marshmallows nestle cocoa mix
pineapple juice without added ascorbic acid unsweetened canned or bottled
margarine-like with salt tub reduced calorie vegetable oil-butter spread
orange juice with added calcium undiluted unsweetened frozen concentrate
school lunch cooked frozen whole grain thin crust cheese topping pizza
kellogg's ice cream shoppe frosted rainbow chip toaster pastries pop-tarts
kfc skin and breading removed meat only wing extra crispy fried chicken
snacks graham and marshmallow chocolate chip uncoated soft granola bars
chicken batter fried cooked meat and skin drumstick broilers or fryers
cereals ready-to-eat oat flakes & blueberry clusters heart to heart kashi
game meat raw trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only shoulder clod bison
formulated bar all flavors snickers marathon energy bar mars snackfood us
campbell's chunky microwavable bowls ready-to-serve classic chicken noodle
bread and/or tapioca corn starch made with rice flour white gluten-free
toaster pastries frosted brown sugar cinnamon kellogg's pop tarts kellogg
beverages prepared with water frozen concentrate citrus fruit juice drink
pork broiled cooked separable lean and fat boneless leg cap steak loin
infant formula liquid concentrate with dha and ara good start soy nestle
infant formula with ara and dha powder neosure similac abbott nutrition
infant formula ready-to-feed with iron advance similac abbott nutrition
game meat braised cooked separable lean only shoulder clod chuck bison
beef braised cooked separable lean only hind shin imported new zealand
beverages contains caffeine and sweeteners cola reduced sugar carbonated
gelatin desserts sodium-citrate and salt with added ascorbic acid dry mix
lamb soaked and simmered cooked tongue - swiss cut imported new zealand
chicken flour fried cooked meat and skin light meat broilers or fryers
chicken batter fried cooked meat and skin dark meat broilers or fryers
artichokes without salt drained boiled cooked frozen (globe or french)
beverages b12 b6 b3 b2 fortified with vitamins c monster energy drink
yogurt fortified with vitamin d with low calorie sweetener lowfat fruit
lamb raw choice trimmed to 1/4" fat separable lean only loin domestic
veal braised cooked separable lean and fat boneless point half breast
veal braised cooked separable lean and fat boneless plate half breast
oil high oleic (70%) non trans high stability natreon canola vegetable
soup prepared with equal volume low fat (2%) milk canned cream of shrimp
pork roasted cooked separable lean and fat shank half leg (ham) fresh
child formula not reconstituted powder with iron portagen mead johnson
corn solids and liquids no salt added whole kernel canned white sweet
beans without salt drained boiled cooked sprouted mature seeds pinto
infant formula ready-to-feed with iron nutramigen enfamil mead johnson
infant formula not reconstituted powder next step prosobee mead johnson
fast foods tuna on white bread with lettuce and tomato submarine sandwich
beef raw separable lean and fat brisket navel end imported new zealand
cereals ready-to-eat chocolate kellogg's frosted mini-wheats little bites
beverages prepared with whole milk powder strawberry-flavor beverage mix
beverages fortified with vitamin e and c lemonade fruit juice drink light
snacks sour-cream and onion-flavor made from dried potatoes potato chips
squash with salt drained boiled cooked includes skin zucchini summer
candies milk chocolate peanut butter and soft nougats fast break reese's
chicken roasted cooked with added solution skin (drumsticks and thighs)
chicken braised cooked with added solution skin (drumsticks and thighs)
cabbage raw freshly harvest common (danish domestic and pointed types)
beverages prepared with water frozen concentrate fruit punch juice drink
turkey roasted with added solution meat only from whole bird drumstick
chicken flour fried cooked meat and skin drumstick broilers or fryers
infant formula ready-to-feed with iron isomil similac abbott nutrition
beef braised cooked separable lean and fat flank imported new zealand
beans without salt drained boiled cooked frozen immature seeds pinto
pork raw separable lean and fat boneless top loin (roasts) loin fresh
pork braised cooked separable lean only country-style ribs loin fresh
corn with salt drained boiled kernels cut off cob frozen white sweet
waxgourd without salt drained boiled cooked (chinese preserving melon)
infant formula toddler ready-to-feed soy enfagrow enfamil mead johnson
infant formula 20 calories ready-to-feed premature enfamil mead johnson
beef raw separable lean and fat brisket point end imported new zealand
pork pan-broil heated separable lean and fat bone-in slice ham cured
gelatin desserts no added sodium with aspartame reduced calorie dry mix
snacks made with olestra fat-free made from dried potatoes potato chips
game meat broiled cooked 1" steak separable lean only top round bison
milk without added vitamin a and vitamin d 2% milkfat fluid reduced fat
veal roasted cooked separable lean only whole (arm and blade) shoulder
veal braised cooked separable lean only whole (arm and blade) shoulder
shortening soybean (hydrogenated) special purpose for cakes and frostings
infant formula ready-to-feed with iron good start essentials soy nestle
cowpeas plain canned mature seeds common (blackeyes crowder southern)
fast foods tomato and spread with lettuce grilled chicken filet sandwich
supper bakes meal kits lemon chicken with herb rice (chicken not included)
leeks without salt drained boiled cooked (bulb and lower leaf-portion)
beverages prepared with water powder breakfast type orange-flavor drink
morningstar farms grillers burger style recipe crumbles unprepared frozen
chicken flour fried cooked meat and skin dark meat broilers or fryers
beef raw all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only steak flank
apricots solids and liquids without skin extra heavy syrup pack canned
beverages energy drink with carbonated water and high fructose corn syrup
formulated bar snickers marathon multigrain crunch bar mars snackfood us
balsam-pear (bitter gourd) with salt drained boiled cooked leafy tips
pork roasted cooked separable lean and fat arm picnic shoulder fresh
pork braised cooked separable lean and fat arm picnic shoulder fresh
succotash without salt drained boiled cooked frozen (corn and limas)
beef raw aust. marble score 9 external fat wagyu imported australian
pork roasted cooked separable lean and fat rump half leg (ham) fresh
keebler mini fudge grahams cookies fudge shoppe 100 calorie right bites
morningstar farms grillers quarter pound veggie burger unprepared frozen
morningstar farms hot and spicy veggie sausage patties unprepared frozen
soup prepared with equal volume water canned low sodium chicken noodle
milk with added vitamin a and vitamin d (fat free or skim) fluid nonfat
coffeecake unenriched commercially prepared cinnamon with crumb topping
corn solids and liquids regular pack whole kernel canned white sweet
jimmy dean unprepared frozen and cheese breakfast biscuit egg sausage
beef braised cooked separable lean and fat flat imported new zealand
baking chocolate m&m's milk chocolate mini baking bits mars snackfood us
pork simmered cooked chitterlings variety meats and by-products fresh
snacks crunchy almond/brown sugar kellogg's low fat granola bar kellogg
beef raw select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat steak flank
cereals with salt cooked with water regular (10 minute) cream of wheat
beverages prepared with whole milk powder chocolate-flavor beverage mix
pasta cooked remaining unenriched semolina 51% whole wheat whole grain
snacks and e c with vitamins a strawberry sunkist fruit roll sunkist
cereals ready-to-eat little bites kellogg's frosted mini-wheats kellogg
fast foods skin and breading removed meat only drumstick fried chicken
ice cream cone flavors other than chocolate with nuts chocolate covered
game meat broiled cooked 1" steak separable lean only top round deer
pork raw separable lean only boneless center loin (chops) loin fresh
peppers with salt drained boiled cooked chopped frozen green sweet
soymilk vitamins a and d with added calcium light original and vanilla
chicken roasted cooked with added solution meat only thigh dark meat
chicken braised cooked with added solution meat only thigh dark meat
orange juice diluted with 3 volume water unsweetened frozen concentrate
beef raw choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat steak flank
turkey roasted with added solution meat and skin from whole bird back
lamb raw choice trimmed to 1/4" fat separable lean only rib domestic
lima beans without salt boiled cooked mature seeds thin seeded (baby)
turnover frozen reduced fat tomato-based sauce meat- and cheese-filled
pork raw separable lean and fat boneless top loin (chops) loin fresh
game meat raw trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only top sirloin bison
formulated bar chocolate blueberry snack bar cocoavia mars snackfood us
snacks chocolate chip milk chocolate coating coated soft granola bars
popeyes skin and breading removed meat only breast mild fried chicken
keebler fudge dipped sandies shortbread cookies 100 calorie right bites
beans without salt drained boiled cooked sprouted mature seeds navy
candies pop'ables 3 musketeers brand bite size candies mars snackfood us
morningstar farms pizza unprepared frozen single serve baja black bean
infant formula not reconstituted powder low iron enfamil mead johnson
milk with added vitamin d and without added vitamin a evaporated canned
cookies chocolate-coated regular with creme filling chocolate sandwich
infant formula prepared from powder with iron pregestimil mead johnson
ice cream added peanuts and chocolate sauce cone no sugar added lowfat
fast foods large patty; with condiments and vegetables hamburger; double
fast foods large patty; with condiments and vegetables hamburger; single
fast foods ham on white bread with lettuce and tomato submarine sandwich
pork simmered cooked frozen ears variety meats and by-products fresh
veal not breaded pan-fried cooked separable lean only leg (top round)
cowpeas (blackeyes) without salt drained boiled cooked immature seeds
campbell's chunky soups grilled sirloin steak with hearty vegetables soup
toaster pastries frosted strawberry kellogg's low fat pop tarts kellogg
sweet potatoes salt added in processing frozen as packaged french fried
lamb raw separable lean only square-cut shoulder imported new zealand
candies milk chocolate peanut butter reesesticks crispy wafers hershey
margarine-like with salt stick/tub/bottle 60% fat vegetable oil spread
corn solids and liquids regular pack brine pack canned yellow sweet
fish cheeks and soft bones (alaska native) eyes head broad whitefish
beverages with vitamin c added low calorie cranberry-apple juice drink
yogurt sweetened with low calorie sweetener lowfat milk vanilla flavor
beans with salt drained boiled cooked sprouted mature seeds kidney
beef braised cooked all grades separable lean and fat chuck for stew
chicken batter fried cooked meat and skin breast broilers or fryers
pineapple juice with added ascorbic acid unsweetened canned or bottled
cereals ready-to-eat honey squares fiber one 80 calories general mills
tofu prepared with calcium sulfate and magnesium chloride (nigari) firm
tofu prepared with calcium sulfate and magnesium chloride (nigari) soft
fast foods and tomato on white bread lettuce bacon submarine sandwich
soup prepared with equal volume water canned vegetable with beef broth
cereals ready-to-eat unfrosted bite size kellogg's mini-wheats kellogg
crustaceans raw (may have been previously frozen) mixed species shrimp
soup prepared with equal volume water canned new england clam chowder
veal breaded pan-fried cooked separable lean and fat leg (top round)
infant formula ready-to-feed with iron good start 2 essentials nestle
beans without salt boiled cooked mature seeds california red kidney
frozen novelties with nuts chocolate or caramel covered ice cream type
margarine-like spread smart balance regular buttery spread with flax oil
pork raw separable lean only bone-in center loin (chops) loin fresh
artichokes with salt drained boiled cooked frozen (globe or french)
popeyes skin and breading removed meat only thigh mild fried chicken
snacks peanut butter milk chocolate coating coated soft granola bars
shortening soy (partially hydrogenated ) and corn for frying industrial
bread and eggs 80% margarine prepared with 2% milk dry mix cornbread
mung beans without salt drained boiled cooked sprouted mature seeds
cereals ready-to-eat 25% less sugar cinnamon toast crunch general mills
prego pasta ready-to-serve chunky garden mushroom supreme italian sauce
shortening cake mix soybean (hydrogenated) and cottonseed (hydrogenated)
snacks unsalted nuts and seeds with chocolate chips regular trail mix
cereals ready-to-eat with real strawberries honey bunches of oats post
fish dry heat (may have been previously frozen) cooked alaska pollock
chicken braised cooked meat only thigh dark meat broilers or fryers
pork roasted heated separable lean and fat bone-in shank ham cured
infant formula with ara and dha powder ar lipil enfamil mead johnson
beef raw prime trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat tenderloin
little caesars 14" original round meat and vegetable pizza regular crust
pork reduced sodium pan-fried or roasted broiled cooked bacon cured
campbell's soup on the go healthy request chicken with mini noodles soup
campbell's red and white condensed beef with vegetables and barley soup
cream substitute with hydrogenated vegetable oil and soy protein liquid
nuts without salt all flavors except macadamia wheat-based formulated
lamb braised cooked separable lean only breast imported new zealand
beverages fortified ready to drink milk and soy based chocolate drink
pudding egg yolk and water prepared with sugar regular dry mix lemon
cereals ready-to-eat wheat and honey oats 100% natural granola quaker
waxgourd with salt drained boiled cooked (chinese preserving melon)
turkey roasted with added solution meat only from whole bird breast
fast foods large patty; with condiments and bacon cheeseburger; single
chicken flour fried cooked meat and skin breast broilers or fryers
pork roasted cooked separable lean only shank half leg (ham) fresh
prego pasta ready-to-serve heart smart- ricotta parmesan italian sauce
beverages prepared with water cereal grain beverage coffee substitute
chicken batter fried cooked meat and skin thigh broilers or fryers
cereals no salt prepared with water quaker multigrain oatmeal quaker
juice with added ascorbic acid and calcium grape and pear blend apple
nuts canned (liquid expressed from grated meat and water) coconut milk
popeyes skin and breading removed meat only wing mild fried chicken
pasta ancient harvest cooked corn flour and quinoa flour gluten-free
beverages non-carbonated bottled water dasani the coca-cola company
beef raw aust. marble score 4/5 seam fat wagyu imported australian
pickles low sodium (includes bread and butter pickles) sweet cucumber
nuts frozen (liquid expressed from grated meat and water) coconut milk
beverages sweetened milk based light vanilla ready to drink coffee
supper bakes meal kits cheesy chicken with pasta (chicken not included)
supper bakes meal kits garlic chicken with pasta (chicken not included)
lamb raw separable lean and fat boneless loin imported new zealand
beef raw separable lean only brisket navel end imported new zealand
grape juice without added ascorbic acid unsweetened canned or bottled
campbell's red and white condensed double noodle in chicken broth soup
shortening soybean (hydrogenated) and palm (hydrogenated) multipurpose
beverages prepared with whole milk powder chocolate malted drink mix
lamb raw separable lean and fat boneless flap imported new zealand
milk with added vitamin a and vitamin d 2% milkfat fluid reduced fat
soymilk (all flavors) vitamins a and d with added calcium unsweetened
turnip greens and turnips without salt drained boiled cooked frozen
cereals ready-to-eat kellogg's low fat granola without raisins kellogg
kfc meat and skin with breading drumstick extra crispy fried chicken
kfc meat and skin with breading breast original recipe fried chicken
chicken roasted meat and skin and giblets and neck broilers or fryers
pork pan-broil heated separable lean only bone-in slice ham cured
cereals without salt prepared with water plain original malt-o-meal
turnover frozen reduced fat and vegetable-filled chicken- or turkey-
fish drained solids with bone canned in tomato sauce pacific sardine
margarine-like spread with yogurt with salt tub approximately 40% fat
apple juice without added ascorbic acid unsweetened canned or bottled
oil canola (partially hydrogenated) oil for deep fat frying industrial
restaurant arroz con habichuelas colorados (rice and red beans) latino
beans with salt drained boiled cooked sprouted mature seeds pinto
beans with salt drained boiled cooked frozen immature seeds pinto
cereals without salt cooked with water whole wheat hot natural cereal
pork raw separable lean only boneless top loin (roasts) loin fresh
mushrooms raw exposed to ultraviolet light or crimini italian brown
snacks unenriched cheese-flavor puffs or twists extruded corn-based
beef composite cooked choice trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only
cereals ready-to-eat nature valley low fat fruit granola general mills
bread made with tapioca starch and brown rice flour white gluten-free
potatoes whole milk and butter prepared with water dry mix scalloped
potatoes whole milk and butter prepared with water dry mix au gratin
pork broiled cooked separable lean and fat boneless shoulder breast
beef raw separable lean and fat chuck eye roll imported new zealand
cereals ready-to-eat kellogg's special k chocolatey strawberry kellogg
soup prepared with equal volume water canned mushroom with beef stock
coffeecake enriched commercially prepared cinnamon with crumb topping
game meat broiled cooked 1" steak separable lean only ribeye bison
beef braised cooked separable lean only flank imported new zealand
campbell's homestyle healthy request chicken with whole grain pasta soup
pork roasted heated separable lean and fat bone-in rump ham cured
cereals ready-to-eat peanut butter multi grain cheerios general mills
leeks with salt drained boiled cooked (bulb and lower leaf-portion)
keebler peanut butter magic middles fudge filled cookies fudge shoppe
beef raw separable lean only brisket point end imported new zealand
fast foods with condiments regular patty and bun double cheeseburger
cereals ready-to-eat spoon-size lightly frosted shredded wheat post
apricots solids and liquids with skin extra light syrup pack canned
cowpeas (blackeyes) with salt drained boiled cooked immature seeds
snacks fruit flavored with high vitamin c yogurt-covered candy rolls
beans with salt drained boiled cooked sprouted mature seeds navy
morningstar farms breakfast pattie with organic soy unprepared frozen
turkey raw with added solution meat only from whole bird drumstick
pork braised cooked separable lean only arm picnic shoulder fresh
pork roasted cooked separable lean only arm picnic shoulder fresh
beans low sodium solids and liquid canned mature seeds red kidney
cereals dry golden brown maple instant oatmeal kashi heart to heart
pork roasted cooked separable lean only rump half leg (ham) fresh
infant formula ready-to-feed with dha and ara good start soy nestle
fast foods strawberry banana smoothie made with ice and low-fat yogurt
cereals ready-to-eat low fat 100% natural granola with raisins quaker
cornmeal enriched with wheat flour added bolted self-rising yellow
chicken flour fried cooked meat and skin thigh broilers or fryers
lima beans with salt boiled cooked mature seeds thin seeded (baby)
sauce ready-to-serve basil pesto napa valley bistro mezzetta pesto
grapes solids and liquids heavy syrup pack thompson seedless canned
beverages with added nutrients ready-to-drink orange breakfast drink
tortellini as purchased fresh-refrigerated pasta with cheese filling
beef raw tongue variety meats and by-products imported new zealand
pork broiled cooked separable lean only bone-in center loin (chops) loin fresh
split pea with ham soup prepared with water or ready-to-serve reduced sodium canned
beef broiled cooked all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only steak flank
infant formula with ara and dha ready-to-feed go and grow similac abbott nutrition
beef raw choice trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only small end (ribs 10-12) rib
potatoes water and margarine added prepared from granules with milk dehydrated mashed
infant formula with ara and dha powder with iron enfacare lipil enfamil mead johnson
beef raw choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only boneless top round roast round
beef braised cooked choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only arm pot roast chuck
beverages prepared with whole milk powder with added nutrients natural malted drink mix
beef raw select trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat porterhouse steak short loin
cereals ready-to-eat and raisins honey wheat quaker 100% natural granola with oats quaker
beef raw select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only boneless ribeye  petite roast/filet
lamb fast roasted cooked separable lean and fat rack - fully frenched imported new zealand
fast foods roast beef and ham on white bread with lettuce and tomato turkey submarine sandwich
beverages contains caffeine with sodium saccharin cola or pepper-types low calorie carbonated
beef raw all grades trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only bone-in t-bone steak short loin
beef raw all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat composite of trimmed retail cuts
infant formula ready- to- feed with ara and dha diarrhea expert care similac abbott nutrition
beef braised cooked all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat arm pot roast chuck
school lunch frozen big daddy's ls 16" 51% whole grain rolled edge turkey pepperoni pizza pizza
lamb raw trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat arm shoulder fresh imported australian
beef broiled cooked all grades trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat steak top sirloin
beef raw all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat lip off boneless rib eye steak
beef raw choice trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only boneless top loin petite roast/filet
beef raw select trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only boneless top loin petite roast/filet
beef roasted cooked select trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat whole (ribs 6-12) rib
beef broiled cooked select trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat whole (ribs 6-12) rib
beef grilled cooked select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat boneless shoulder steak
beef grilled cooked choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat boneless shoulder steak
beef braised cooked all grades trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat blade roast chuck
beverages prepared with water frozen concentrate with pulp breakfast type orange-flavor drink
lamb roasted cooked choice trimmed to 1/4" fat separable lean only shank half leg domestic
beef raw all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat boneless tenderloin roast loin
beef raw all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only inside skirt boneless plate steak
beef broiled cooked select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only small end (ribs 10-12) rib
beef broiled cooked choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only small end (ribs 10-12) rib
lamb broiled cooked choice trimmed to 1/4" fat separable lean only blade shoulder domestic
lamb roasted cooked choice trimmed to 1/4" fat separable lean only blade shoulder domestic
lamb braised cooked choice trimmed to 1/4" fat separable lean only blade shoulder domestic
beef raw select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only lip off boneless top loin steak loin
beef raw choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only lip off boneless top loin steak loin
beef roasted cooked all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only roast tip round round
beef braised cooked all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only bone-in back ribs rib
beef cooked all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only composite of trimmed retail cuts
subway tomato and sweet onion sauce sweet onion chicken teriyaki sub on white bread with lettuce
beef broiled cooked prime trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat steak top round round
lamb broiled cooked trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only loin fresh imported australian
beef raw choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat outside skirt boneless plate steak
beef raw select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat outside skirt boneless plate steak
beef raw select trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only boneless top sirloin cap steak loin
beef raw choice trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only boneless top sirloin cap steak loin
beef braised cooked select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only boneless short ribs chuck
beef braised cooked choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only boneless short ribs chuck
beef raw all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat boneless tenderloin steak loin
creamy dressing cholesterol-free reduced calorie made with sour cream and/or buttermilk and oil
beef raw select trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only lip-on bone-in rib eye steak/roast
beef raw choice trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only lip-on bone-in rib eye steak/roast
lamb raw choice trimmed to 1/4" fat separable fat composite of trimmed retail cuts domestic
campbell's chunky microwavable bowls ready-to-serve sirloin burger with country vegetables soup
beef roasted cooked choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only roast bottom round round
beef braised cooked choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only steak bottom round round
beef braised cooked select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only steak bottom round round
beef raw all grades trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only composite of trimmed retail cuts
lamb raw trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only shank half leg fresh imported australian
beef braised cooked all grades trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only arm pot roast chuck
infant formula with ara and dha ready-to-feed advance natural care similac abbott nutrition
beef braised cooked all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat point half brisket
lamb raw trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only blade shoulder fresh imported australian
beef broiled cooked all grades trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat steak tenderloin
beef roasted cooked all grades trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat roast tenderloin
beef raw choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat inside skirt boneless plate steak
beef raw select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat inside skirt boneless plate steak
cereals prepared with water (boiling water added or microwaved) plain fortified instant oats
beef raw all grades trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat porterhouse steak short loin
beef grilled cooked all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only boneless ribeye filet
infant formula not reconstituted liquid concentrate with iron good start 2 essentials nestle
fast foods and mayonnaise lettuce with cheese bacon and tomato club sandwich grilled chicken
fast foods and mayonnaise lettuce with cheese and tomato club sandwich bacon crispy chicken
beef braised cooked choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat bone-in back ribs rib
beef braised cooked select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat bone-in back ribs rib
beef roasted cooked prime trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat whole (ribs 6-12) rib
beef broiled cooked prime trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat whole (ribs 6-12) rib
beef raw select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat boneless eye of round steak round
beef raw select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat boneless eye of round roast round
beef raw choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat boneless eye of round roast round
beef raw all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only boneless mock tender steak chuck
fast foods regular patty; double decker bun with condiments and special sauce hamburger; single
beef roasted cooked choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat roast tip round round
beef roasted cooked select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat roast tip round round
pork raw separable lean only composite of trimmed retail cuts (loin and shoulder blade) fresh
duck roasted cooked boneless meat and skin breast white pekin domesticated young duckling
beef cooked select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat composite of trimmed retail cuts
beef cooked choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat composite of trimmed retail cuts
beef grilled cooked choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only boneless ribeye cap steak
lamb fast roasted cooked separable lean and fat rack - partly frenched imported new zealand
beef grilled cooked select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only boneless ribeye cap steak
campbell's chunky soups grilled chicken & sausage gumbo soup healthy request microwavable bowls
beef grilled cooked select trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only boneless top loin filet
beef grilled cooked choice trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only boneless top loin filet
beef raw all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only boneless shoulder top blade steak
beef raw choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only boneless chuck eye country-style ribs
beef raw select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only boneless chuck eye country-style ribs
beef raw all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat steak tip side knuckle round
beef roasted cooked choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only large end (ribs 6-9) rib
lamb broiled cooked choice trimmed to 1/4" fat separable lean only arm shoulder domestic
beef roasted cooked select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only bottom round roast round
beef raw choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat boneless shoulder top blade steak
beef broiled cooked all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat steak top sirloin
lamb raw separable lean and fat shank off chump off tunnel-boned leg imported new zealand
morningstar farms breakfast sandwich veggie scramble & cheese english muffin unprepared frozen
beef braised cooked all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat blade roast chuck
pork pan-broil heated separable lean and fat boneless slice ham with natural juices cured
beverages contains caffeine with aspartame other than cola or pepper low calorie carbonated
beef pan-fried cooked choice trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat steak top sirloin
lamb braised cooked choice trimmed to 1/4" fat separable lean only arm shoulder domestic
lamb fast fried cooked separable lean and fat bone-in leg chop/steak imported new zealand
beef raw choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only boneless shoulder pot roast or steak
beef raw select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only boneless shoulder pot roast or steak
beef broiled cooked choice trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only steak top round round
beef braised cooked choice trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat arm pot roast chuck
beef braised cooked select trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat arm pot roast chuck
beef raw choice trimmed to 0" fat boneless separable lean and fat eye of round steak round
beef roasted cooked select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only large end (ribs 6-9) rib
lamb roasted cooked choice trimmed to 1/4" fat separable lean only arm shoulder domestic
beef broiled cooked select trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only steak top round round
beef raw select trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat composite of trimmed retail cuts
beef raw choice trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat composite of trimmed retail cuts
beef braised cooked all grades trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat top round round
beef raw choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat boneless mock tender steak chuck
beef raw select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat boneless mock tender steak chuck
beef cooked select trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only composite of trimmed retail cuts
beef braised cooked all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat flat half brisket
beef raw select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat boneless shoulder top blade steak
beef grilled cooked choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only boneless chuck eye steak
beef grilled cooked select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only boneless chuck eye steak
lamb raw trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat foreshank frozen imported new zealand
danish pastry enriched (includes apple cinnamon raisin lemon raspberry strawberry) fruit
lamb braised cooked choice trimmed to 1/4" fat separable lean and fat foreshank domestic
lamb raw separable lean only composite of trimmed retail cuts frozen imported new zealand
beef raw all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only boneless tenderloin roast loin
milk with added nonfat milk solids and vitamin a and vitamin d 2% milkfat fluid reduced fat
beef raw all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only composite of trimmed retail cuts
beef raw all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat tri-tip roast bottom sirloin
fast foods lettuce and tomato steak and cheese on white bread with cheese submarine sandwich
pork raw with added solution separable lean and fat boneless top loin (chops) loin fresh
potatoes oven heated home-prepared frozen salt added in processing all types french fried
infant formula not reconstituted powder advance with iron isomil similac abbott nutrition
lamb braised cooked separable lean and fat square-cut shoulder chops imported new zealand
lamb raw trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only arm shoulder fresh imported australian
pork pan-broil heated separable lean and fat bone-in slice ham with natural juices cured
beef broiled cooked prime trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat top loin short loin
beef broiled cooked all grades trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only steak top sirloin
beef raw all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only lip off boneless rib eye steak
beef raw choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only outside skirt boneless plate steak
beef raw select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only outside skirt boneless plate steak
beef raw all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only boneless top round roast round
beef raw all grades trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat small end (ribs 10-12) rib
beef raw choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat steak tip center knuckle round
beef raw select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat steak tip center knuckle round
beef roasted cooked all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat clod roast chuck
margarine sauces and candy use for baking soy and partially hydrogenated soy oil industrial
beef raw all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only boneless tenderloin steak loin
beef braised cooked all grades trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only flat half brisket
potatoes whole milk and margarine added prepared from flakes without milk dehydrated mashed
beef grilled cooked select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only boneless shoulder steak
beef grilled cooked choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only boneless shoulder steak
beef broiled cooked choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only mock tender steak chuck
beef broiled cooked select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only mock tender steak chuck
beef broiled cooked select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only t-bone steak short loin
beef broiled cooked choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only t-bone steak short loin
beef raw all grades trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat steak top loin short loin
beef raw all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only boneless top round steak round
beef raw choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only boneless ribeye  petite roast/filet
beef braised cooked select trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat blade roast chuck
beef braised cooked all grades trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat whole brisket
beef raw choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat boneless top round roast round
beef raw select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat boneless top round roast round
beef raw choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat boneless top round steak round
beef raw select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat boneless top round steak round
beef broiled cooked all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat top blade chuck
beef braised cooked choice trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat flat half brisket
beef raw choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only boneless eye of round steak round
beef raw select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only boneless eye of round steak round
beef raw choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only boneless eye of round roast round
beef raw select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only boneless eye of round roast round
milk with added vitamin a and vitamin d (fat free and skim) protein fortified fluid nonfat
milk vitamin a and vitamin d (fat free or skim) with added nonfat milk solids fluid nonfat
potatoes as purchased frozen salt added in processing crinkle or regular cut french fried
beef broiled cooked all grades trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only steak tenderloin
beef cooked all grades trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only roast bottom round round
beef braised cooked all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only point half brisket
beef braised cooked select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat arm pot roast chuck
lamb slow roasted cooked separable lean and fat square-cut shoulder imported new zealand
pork pan-broil heated separable lean and fat boneless slice ham and water product cured
beef grilled cooked all grades trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat top loin loin
infant formula with ara and dha ready-to-feed advance alimentum similac abbott nutrition
pork unheated separable lean and fat boneless spiral slice ham with natural juices cured
beef broiled cooked choice trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat steak top sirloin
beef broiled cooked select trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat steak top sirloin
beverages prepared with whole milk powder with added nutrients chocolate malted drink mix
beef raw select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat lip off boneless rib eye steak
beef raw choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat lip off boneless rib eye steak
beef raw all grades trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat roast eye of round round
orange juice with added calcium diluted with 3 volume water unsweetened frozen concentrate
beef braised cooked choice trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat blade roast chuck
beef raw select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat boneless tenderloin roast loin
beef raw choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat boneless tenderloin roast loin
beef raw select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only inside skirt boneless plate steak
beef raw choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only inside skirt boneless plate steak
formulated bar caramel nut rush snickers marathon protein performance bar mars snackfood us
oil principal uses popcorn and flavoring vegetables soy (partially hydrogenated) industrial
beef roasted cooked choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only roast tip round round
beef roasted cooked select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only roast tip round round
beef braised cooked all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat top round round
beef raw choice trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only bone-in t-bone steak short loin
beef pan-fried cooked choice trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat top round round
beef raw all grades trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only porterhouse steak short loin
beef raw select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat composite of trimmed retail cuts
beef raw choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat composite of trimmed retail cuts
lamb raw trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat foreshank fresh imported australian
potatoes whole milk and butter added prepared from granules without milk dehydrated mashed
beef braised cooked select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only bone-in back ribs rib
beef braised cooked choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only bone-in back ribs rib
beef cooked select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only composite of trimmed retail cuts
beef cooked choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only composite of trimmed retail cuts
beef raw select trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only bone-in t-bone steak short loin
beef raw all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat boneless flat half brisket
beef braised cooked all grades trimmed to 1/4" fat separable lean only clod steak chuck
beef roasted cooked all grades trimmed to 1/4" fat separable lean only clod roast chuck
infant formula with ara and dha powder (lactose free) sensitive similac abbott nutrition
beef raw select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat  steak tip side knuckle round
pork roasted heated separable lean and fat boneless whole ham with natural juices cured
lamb fast roasted cooked separable lean only rack - partly frenched imported new zealand
beef raw choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat boneless tenderloin steak loin
beef raw choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat small end (ribs 10-12) eye rib
beef raw all grades trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat steak bottom round round
beef raw select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat boneless tenderloin steak loin
beef braised cooked select trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat flat half brisket
lamb fast roasted cooked separable lean only rack - fully frenched imported new zealand
beef braised cooked all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only blade roast chuck
beverages,,gerolsteiner naturally sparkling mineral water gerolsteiner brunnen gmbh & co. kg
infant formula with ara and dha liquid concentrate with iron lipil enfamil mead johnson
beverages assorted fruit flavors sweetened bottles water with added vitamins and minerals
infant formula not reconstituted liquid concentrate infant premium enfamil mead johnson
beef broiled cooked all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only steak top sirloin
chicken original seasoning rotisserie cooked meat and skin drumstick broilers or fryers
beef braised cooked all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only flat half brisket
pork roasted heated separable lean and fat bone-in shank ham with natural juices cured
pork pan-broil heated separable lean and fat bone-in slice ham and water product cured
cereals dry quick (1-3 minutes) assorted brands including cream of wheat enriched farina
lamb fast fried cooked separable lean only bone-in leg chop/steak imported new zealand
beef raw choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only boneless shoulder top blade steak
beef raw select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only boneless shoulder top blade steak
lamb raw separable lean only shank off chump off tunnel-boned leg imported new zealand
beef grilled cooked select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only boneless ribeye filet
beef raw all grades trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat large end (ribs 6-9) rib
beef raw choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only boneless mock tender steak chuck
beef raw select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only boneless mock tender steak chuck
pork raw separable lean only composite of trimmed retail cuts (leg loin shoulder) fresh
usda commodity solids and liquids light syrup canned mixed fruit (peaches pears grapes)
duck roasted cooked bone in meat and skin leg white pekin domesticated young duckling
chickpeas (garbanzo beans bengal gram) low sodium solids and liquids canned mature seeds
beef raw choice trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only composite of trimmed retail cuts
beef raw select trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only composite of trimmed retail cuts
potatoes oven-heated frozen salt added in processing crinkle or regular cut french fried
pork braised cooked separable lean and fat blade (steaks) (boston butt) shoulder fresh
beef braised cooked choice trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only arm pot roast chuck
beef braised cooked select trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only arm pot roast chuck
toddler formula powder premium (formerly enfamil lipil next step) enfagrow mead johnson
beef raw choice trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat porterhouse steak short loin
apple juice and potassium calcium with added ascorbic acid unsweetened canned or bottled
beef broiled cooked choice trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat steak tenderloin
beef roasted cooked choice trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat roast tenderloin
beef roasted cooked select trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat roast tenderloin
beef broiled cooked select trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat steak tenderloin
beef raw choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat steak tip side knuckle round
beef grilled cooked choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only boneless ribeye filet
pork pan-broiled cooked separable lean and fat boneless center loin (chops) loin fresh
pork pan-broil heated separable lean only boneless slice ham with natural juices cured
beef raw all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat boneless short ribs chuck
lamb cooked separable fat composite of trimmed retail cuts frozen imported new zealand
infant formula with ara and dha liquid concentrate low iron lipil enfamil mead johnson
beef broiled cooked select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat steak top sirloin
beef broiled cooked choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat steak top sirloin
beverages fortified with vitamin d2 and e shelf-stable unsweetened chocolate almond milk
potatoes whole milk and butter added prepared from flakes without milk dehydrated mashed
beef braised cooked select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat flat half brisket
pork raw with added solution separable lean only boneless top loin (chops) loin fresh
beef braised cooked choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat flat half brisket
beef raw all grades trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat t-bone steak short loin
beef raw all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only tri-tip roast bottom sirloin
lamb braised cooked separable lean only square-cut shoulder chops imported new zealand
lamb braised cooked choice trimmed to 1/4" fat separable lean only foreshank domestic
oil woks and light frying principal uses salads canola with antifoaming agent industrial
pork pan-broil heated separable lean only bone-in slice ham with natural juices cured
cereals without salt microwaved cooked with water 2 1/2 minute cook time cream of wheat
beef raw all grades trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only small end (ribs 10-12) rib
beef braised cooked select trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat top round round
beef braised cooked choice trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat top round round
beverages with whitener and low calorie sweetener decaffeinated instant coffee and cocoa
chicken raw with added solution meat only boneless skinless breast broilers or fryers
infant formula not reconstituted liquid concentrate with iron good start supreme nestle
frozen novelties chocolate coated no sugar added light vanilla ice cream ice cream type
beef braised cooked all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat whole brisket
milk without added vitamin a with added nonfat milk solids 2% milkfat fluid reduced fat
beef roasted cooked all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only clod roast chuck
beef broiled cooked prime trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat steak tenderloin
beef roasted cooked prime trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat roast tenderloin
potatoes unprepared frozen salt added in processing shredded hash brown yellow fleshed
pork roasted heated separable lean and fat boneless whole ham and water product cured
pork roasted heated separable lean and fat bone-in rump ham with natural juices cured
pork roasted heated separable lean and fat bone-in shank ham and water product cured
lamb slow roasted cooked separable lean only square-cut shoulder imported new zealand
beef roasted cooked choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat clod roast chuck
water sweetened with low calorie sweetener natural fruit flavors bottles non-carbonated
beef raw select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only lip off boneless rib eye steak
soup single brand ready-to-serve reduced sodium reduced fat chunky split pea with ham
lamb raw choice trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat sirloin half leg domestic
beef raw select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only boneless tenderloin roast loin
beef raw choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only boneless tenderloin roast loin
milk with added vitamin a and vitamin d protein fortified 2% milkfat fluid reduced fat
chickpeas (garbanzo beans bengal gram) rinsed in tap water drained canned mature seeds
cereals ready-to-eat raspberry kellogg's frosted mini-wheats touch of fruit in the middle
beef raw all grades trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only top loin steak short loin
beef broiled cooked choice trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only steak top sirloin
beef raw choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat tri-tip roast bottom sirloin
beef raw select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat tri-tip roast bottom sirloin
shortening soybean (partially hydrogenated)-cottonseed (partially hydrogenated) household
potatoes without salt heated in oven prepared extruded par fried french fried frozen
lamb raw separable lean and fat boneless rolled netted shoulder imported new zealand
school lunch frozen tony's smartpizza whole grain 4x6 pepperoni pizza 50/50 cheese pizza
potatoes with salt heated in oven prepared cottage-cut par fried french fried frozen
beef raw choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only lip off boneless rib eye steak
beef raw select trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat small end (ribs 10-12) rib
beef raw choice trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat small end (ribs 10-12) rib
pork unheated separable lean only boneless spiral slice ham with natural juices cured
beef roasted cooked select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat clod roast chuck
lamb broiled cooked trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat arm shoulder domestic
lamb roasted choice trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat arm shoulder domestic
beverages powder with low-calorie sweeteners reduced calorie chocolate dairy drink mix
lamb raw choice trimmed to 1/4" fat separable lean and fat sirloin half leg domestic
lamb raw trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat loin frozen imported new zealand
beef raw all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat boneless chuck eye steak
pork pan-broil heated separable lean only boneless slice ham and water product cured
beef raw choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only boneless tenderloin steak loin
beef raw select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only boneless tenderloin steak loin
beef raw all grades trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only roast eye of round round
beef raw all grades trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only roast bottom round round
beef raw all grades trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat steak top round round
beef pan-fried cooked choice trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only top round round
cereals without salt stove-top cooked with water 2 1/2 minute cook time cream of wheat
beef raw select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only composite of trimmed retail cuts
beef raw choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only composite of trimmed retail cuts
crackers made with corn starch and white rice flour multigrain and vegetable gluten-free
infant formula with ara and dha powder with iron lactofree lipil enfamil mead johnson
infant formula not reconstituted liquid concentrate with iron similac abbott nutrition
lamb raw trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only foreshank fresh imported australian
beef braised cooked choice trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only flat half brisket
beverages fortified with vitamin c unsweetened lemon decaffeinated instant green tea
beef broiled cooked select trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only steak top sirloin
pork roasted cooked with added solution separable lean and fat tenderloin loin fresh
beef braised cooked select trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only flat half brisket
beef braised cooked select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only arm pot roast chuck
fast foods oven roasted chicken on white bread with lettuce and tomato submarine sandwich
beef broiled cooked all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only top blade chuck
pork pan-broil heated separable lean and fat boneless slice ham -- water added cured
beef raw select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only boneless top round roast round
beef raw choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only boneless top round steak round
beef raw select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only boneless top round steak round
ravioli includes regular and light entrees not prepared frozen cheese with tomato sauce
beef raw choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only small end (ribs 10-12) eye rib
beef broiled cooked choice trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat full cut round
beef broiled cooked select trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat full cut round
beverages high vitamin c and added thiamin greater than 3% fruit juice fruit juice drink
pork roasted heated separable lean only boneless whole ham with natural juices cured
beef raw all grades trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat whole (ribs 6-12) rib
beverages contains caffeine with aspartame cola or pepper-type low calorie carbonated
pork roasted heated separable lean and fat bone-in rump ham and water product cured
lamb broiled cooked choice trimmed to 1/4" fat separable lean and fat loin domestic
lamb roasted cooked choice trimmed to 1/4" fat separable lean and fat loin domestic
beef broiled cooked select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat top blade chuck
beef broiled cooked choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat top blade chuck
beef raw all grades trimmed to 0" fat boneless separable lean only flat half brisket
pork pan-broil heated separable lean only bone-in slice ham and water product cured
beef braised cooked select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat top round round
beef braised cooked choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat top round round
lamb broiled cooked choice trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat loin domestic
lamb roasted cooked choice trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat loin domestic
beef broiled cooked select trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only steak tenderloin
beef raw select trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat roast eye of round round
pork pan-fried cooked separable lean and fat bone-in center loin (chops) loin fresh
pork broiled cooked boneless separable lean only boneless blade (chops) loin fresh
beef broiled cooked choice trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only steak tenderloin
chicken original seasoning rotisserie cooked meat and skin breast broilers or fryers
beef raw choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat boneless flat half brisket
beef grilled cooked select trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat top loin loin
beef raw prime trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat steak top loin short loin
pork braised cooked separable lean only blade (steaks) (boston butt) shoulder fresh
beef raw select trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat steak bottom round round
beef raw choice trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat steak bottom round round
beef raw choice trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat roast eye of round round
beef raw all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only boneless short ribs chuck
pork pan-fried cooked separable lean and fat boneless center rib (chops) loin fresh
beef raw prime trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat small end (ribs 10-12) rib
lamb raw trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat rib frozen imported new zealand
soup single brand ready-to-serve reduced sodium reduced fat chunky chicken vegetable
pork roasted heated separable lean only bone-in shank ham with natural juices cured
beef raw choice trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only porterhouse steak short loin
beef raw select trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only porterhouse steak short loin
pork pan-broiled cooked separable lean only boneless center loin (chops) loin fresh
infant formula not reconstituted liquid concentrate low iron similac abbott nutrition
beef broiled cooked all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat steak flank
cranberry juice cocktail saccharin and corn sweetener with calcium low calorie bottled
pineapple juice c and e with added vitamins a unsweetened not from concentrate canned
pork pan-broil heated separable lean and fat bone-in slice ham -- water added cured
beef raw select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat boneless flat half brisket
creamy dressing fat-free reduced calorie made with sour cream and/or buttermilk and oil
beef raw select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only small end (ribs 10-12) rib eye
cowpeas without salt boiled cooked mature seeds common (blackeyes crowder southern)
lamb raw separable fat composite of trimmed retail cuts frozen imported new zealand
lamb raw choice trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat shank half leg domestic
fast foods vegetables and mayonnaise large patty; with condiments cheeseburger; single
pork roasted cooked separable lean and fat bone-in center loin (roasts) loin fresh
beef simmered cooked choice trimmed to 1/4" fat separable lean only shank crosscuts
beef broiled cooked choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only steak top sirloin
beef broiled cooked select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only steak top sirloin
chicken original seasoning rotisserie cooked meat only drumstick broilers or fryers
cereals without salt cooked with water enriched regular and quick yellow corn grits
orange juice e d with added calcium and vitamins a includes from concentrate chilled
beef raw all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat bone-in back ribs rib
lamb fast roasted cooked separable lean and fat boneless loin imported new zealand
pork roasted cooked separable lean and fat boneless center rib (roasts) loin fresh
lamb roasted cooked choice trimmed to 1/4" fat separable lean and fat rib domestic
lamb broiled cooked choice trimmed to 1/4" fat separable lean and fat rib domestic
lamb broiled cooked choice trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat rib domestic
lamb roasted cooked choice trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat rib domestic
lamb raw choice trimmed to 1/4" fat separable lean and fat shank half leg domestic
snacks made with partially hydrogenated oil regular (butter) flavor microwave popcorn
bagels toasted with calcium propionate (includes onion poppy sesame) enriched plain
lamb raw choice trimmed to 1/4" fat separable lean and fat blade shoulder domestic
pork roasted heated separable lean only bone-in rump ham with natural juices cured
pork roasted heated separable lean only boneless whole ham and water product cured
infant formula with ara and dha ready to feed lipil prosobee next step mead johnson
fast foods vegetables and mayonnaise large patty; with condiments cheeseburger; double
chicken original seasoning rotisserie cooked meat and skin thigh broilers or fryers
beef braised cooked all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only whole brisket
beef raw all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only boneless ribeye cap steak
beef raw all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat roast tip round round
beef braised cooked select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only flat half brisket
beef braised cooked choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only flat half brisket
pork roasted heated separable lean and fat boneless whole ham -- water added cured
beverages without caffeine with aspartame cola or pepper-type low calorie carbonated
lamb raw trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat loin fresh imported australian
beef raw select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat boneless short ribs chuck
squash without salt drained boiled cooked frozen crookneck and straightneck summer
pork pan-fried cooked separable lean and fat bone-in center rib (chops) loin fresh
beef raw select trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat large end (ribs 6-9) rib
beef raw choice trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat large end (ribs 6-9) rib
beef raw choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat boneless short ribs chuck
lamb raw choice trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat blade shoulder domestic
lamb raw choice trimmed to 1/4" fat separable lean only sirloin half leg domestic
lamb raw separable lean only boneless rolled netted shoulder imported new zealand
beef raw all grades trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat arm pot roast chuck
fast foods patty and bun; with condiments and vegetables regular cheeseburger; double
beef raw select trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only small end (ribs 10-12) rib
beef raw select trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only steak top loin short loin
pork braised cooked separable lean and fat bone-in center loin (chops) loin fresh
pork broiled cooked separable lean and fat bone-in center loin (chops) loin fresh
beef raw choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only tri-tip roast bottom sirloin
cereals without salt cooked with water enriched regular and quick white corn grits
beef raw all grades trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only steak top round round
chicken original seasoning rotisserie cooked meat and skin back broilers or fryers
pork roasted cooked with added solution separable lean only tenderloin loin fresh
infant formula not reconstituted powder with iron advance similac abbott nutrition
infant formula liquid concentrate advance with iron isomil similac abbott nutrition
school lunch frozen tony's smartpizza whole grain 4x6 cheese pizza 50/50 cheese pizza
school lunch frozen big daddy's ls 16" 51% whole grain rolled edge cheese pizza pizza
macaroni and cheese prepared with 2% milk and 80% stick margarine from dry mix dry mix
rolls and sorghum flour tapioca starch made with brown rice flour white gluten-free
beef roasted cooked choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only clod roast chuck
beef raw select trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat t-bone steak short loin
margarine-like with salt approximately 37% fat unspecified oils vegetable oil spread
pork braised cooked separable lean and fat boneless center rib (chops) loin fresh
pork broiled cooked separable lean and fat boneless center rib (chops) loin fresh
beef raw choice trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only steak top loin short loin
pork roasted cooked separable lean and fat bone-in center rib (roasts) loin fresh
cereals ready-to-eat raisin kellogg's frosted mini-wheats touch of fruit in the middle
beef raw all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only boneless chuck eye steak
oil principal uses icings and fillings palm soy (partially hydrogenated ) industrial
pork pan-broil heated separable lean only boneless slice ham -- water added cured
cereals without salt microwaved cooked with water 1 minute cook time cream of wheat
pork broiled cooked boneless separable lean and fat country-style ribs loin fresh
pork roasted cooked boneless separable lean and fat country-style ribs loin fresh
rolls and potato starch tapioca starch made with brown rice flour white gluten-free
infant formula not reconstituted liquid concentrate with iron prosobee mead johnson
infant formula with ara and dha ready to feed with iron prosobee lipil mead johnson
beef roasted cooked select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only clod roast chuck
chicken original seasoning rotisserie cooked meat and skin wing broilers or fryers
beef broiled cooked select trimmed to 1/4" fat separable lean only full cut round
beef broiled cooked choice trimmed to 1/4" fat separable lean only full cut round
beef raw choice trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat t-bone steak short loin
pork roasted heated separable lean and fat bone-in shank ham -- water added cured
crustaceans moist heat (may have been previously frozen) cooked mixed species shrimp
pork pan-fried cooked separable lean and fat boneless top loin (chops) loin fresh
beverages with high vitamin c fruit flavored drink containing less than 3% fruit juice
beef raw prime trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat large end (ribs 6-9) rib
beef raw select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only tri-tip roast bottom sirloin
pork roasted heated separable lean only bone-in shank ham and water product cured
lamb roasted cooked choice trimmed to 1/4" fat separable lean only loin domestic
lamb broiled cooked choice trimmed to 1/4" fat separable lean only loin domestic
beef raw all grades trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat point half brisket
oil intermediate grade product confection fat palm kernel (hydrogenated) industrial
oil pourable clear fry soy (partially hydrogenated ) and soy (winterized) industrial
oil uses similar to high quality cocoa butter confection fat palm kernel industrial
beef raw select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only boneless flat half brisket
campbell's chunky microwavable bowls ready-to-serve old fashioned vegetable beef soup
pork pan-broil heated separable lean only bone-in slice ham -- water added cured
beef braised cooked choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only top round round
beef braised cooked select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only top round round
infant formula not reconstituted powder with iron nutramigen enfamil mead johnson
infant formula with ara and dha ready-to-feed with iron enfamil lipil mead johnson
milk vitamin a and vitamin d with added nonfat milk solids 1% milkfat fluid lowfat
pork pan-fried cooked separable lean only bone-in center loin (chops) loin fresh
infant formula with ara and dha ready-to-feed for spit up similac abbott nutrition
beef braised cooked separable lean and fat brisket navel end imported new zealand
seeds from unroasted kernels (non-chemically removed seed coat) tahini sesame butter
potatoes as purchased frozen salt not added in processing cottage-cut french fried
beef raw choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat boneless chuck eye steak
pork unheated separable lean and fat boneless whole ham with natural juices cured
lamb fast roasted cooked separable lean only boneless chump imported new zealand
lamb raw choice trimmed to 1/4" fat separable lean and fat arm shoulder domestic
soymilk vitamins a and d with added calcium unsweetened light original and vanilla
beef raw choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only boneless flat half brisket
pork broiled cooked separable lean and fat bone-in center rib (chops) loin fresh
pork braised cooked separable lean and fat bone-in center rib (chops) loin fresh
lamb raw choice trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat arm shoulder domestic
pork roasted cooked separable lean and fat boneless top loin (roasts) loin fresh
beef raw select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat boneless chuck eye steak
english muffins with calcium propionate (includes sourdough) enriched toasted plain
oil used for whipped toppings and coffee whiteners coconut (hydrogenated) industrial
infant formula not reconstituted powder with iron isomil similac abbott nutrition
campbell's chunky microwavable bowls ready-to-serve grilled chicken and sausage gumbo
campbell's chunky microwavable bowls ready-to-serve beef with country vegetables soup
pork roasted heated separable lean only bone-in rump ham and water product cured
beef raw select trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only roast bottom round round
cereals without salt stove-top cooked with water 1 minute cook time cream of wheat
lamb braised cooked trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat foreshank domestic
margarine canola harvest soft spread (canola palm and palm kernel oils) tub 80% fat
beef raw select trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat steak top round round
beef raw choice trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat steak top round round
cowpeas with salt boiled cooked mature seeds common (blackeyes crowder southern)
pork pan-fried cooked separable lean only boneless center rib (chops) loin fresh
pork roasted cooked bone-in separable lean and fat country-style ribs loin fresh
pork broiled cooked bone-in separable lean and fat country-style ribs loin fresh
infant formula with ara and dha ready to feed low iron lipil enfamil mead johnson
beef raw choice trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only roast eye of round round
beef raw choice trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only roast bottom round round
beef braised cooked separable lean and fat brisket point end imported new zealand
beef raw select trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only roast eye of round round
beef broiled cooked choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only top blade chuck
beef broiled cooked select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only top blade chuck
pork roasted heated separable lean and fat bone-in rump ham -- water added cured
beef raw choice trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat whole (ribs 6-12) rib
beef raw all grades trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat flat half brisket
fast foods vegetables and mayonnaise large patty; with condiments hamburger; single
infant formula not reconstituted powder aa lipil nutramigen enfamil mead johnson
milk with added vitamin a and vitamin d protein fortified 1% milkfat fluid lowfat
hot pockets frozen and cheddar stuffed sandwich broccoli croissant pockets chicken
pork pan-fried cooked separable lean only bone-in center rib (chops) loin fresh
pork roasted cooked separable lean and fat boneless sirloin (roasts) loin fresh
fast foods vegetables and mayonnaise large patty; with condiments hamburger; double
pork raw separable lean and fat only boneless blade (chops or roasts) loin fresh
beverages fortified revive fruit punch glaceau vitamin water the coca-cola company
beef fast roasted cooked separable lean and fat bolar blade imported new zealand
chicken original seasoning rotisserie cooked meat only breast broilers or fryers
potatoes oven-heated frozen salt not added in processing cottage-cut french fried
infant formula with ara and dha ready-to-feed enfacare lipil enfamil mead johnson
pork unheated separable lean and fat bone-in slice ham with natural juices cured
pork unheated separable lean and fat bone-in shank ham with natural juices cured
lamb fast roasted cooked separable lean and fat loin saddle imported new zealand
beef raw select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only boneless short ribs chuck
beef raw choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only boneless short ribs chuck
pork raw separable lean and fat boneless center rib (chops or roasts) loin fresh
beef braised cooked choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat steak flank
beef broiled cooked choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat steak flank
margarine-like spread smart balance omega plus spread (with plant sterols & fish oil)
beef raw select trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat whole (ribs 6-12) rib
chicken batter fried cooked meat and skin and giblets and neck broilers or fryers
lamb roasted cooked choice trimmed to 1/4" fat separable lean only rib domestic
lamb broiled cooked choice trimmed to 1/4" fat separable lean only rib domestic
lamb fast roasted cooked separable lean only boneless loin imported new zealand
pork roasted cooked separable lean only bone-in center loin (roasts) loin fresh
beef raw all grades trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat blade roast chuck
lamb raw choice trimmed to 1/4" fat separable lean only shank half leg domestic
pork broiled cooked separable lean and fat boneless top loin (chops) loin fresh
pork braised cooked separable lean and fat boneless top loin (chops) loin fresh
applesauce without added ascorbic acid (includes usda commodity) unsweetened canned
lamb raw choice trimmed to 1/4" fat separable lean only blade shoulder domestic
pork roasted heated separable lean only boneless whole ham -- water added cured
beverages 3-2-1 plan ready-to-drink  high protein shake meal replacement slimfast
infant formula not reconstituted powder with iron lactofree enfamil mead johnson
pork roasted cooked separable lean only boneless center rib (roasts) loin fresh
pork roasted cooked separable lean and fat boston (roasts) blade shoulder fresh
pork broiled cooked separable lean and fat boston (steaks) blade shoulder fresh
beef broiled cooked select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat steak flank
beef raw all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only bone-in back ribs rib
infant formula prepared from powder with iron enfamil gentlease lipil mead johnson
squash with salt drained boiled cooked frozen crookneck and straightneck summer
supper bakes meal kits traditional roast chicken with stuffing (chicken not included)
beef raw all grades trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat steak top sirloin
lamb raw trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only loin fresh imported australian
beverages prepared with water without added sodium powder fruit punch-flavor drink
vegetables no salt added mixed (corn lima beans peas green beans carrots) canned
squash without salt drained boiled cooked frozen includes skin zucchini summer
beef raw all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only roast tip round round
pork roasted cooked separable lean only bone-in center rib (roasts) loin fresh
pork roasted cooked separable lean and fat bone-in sirloin (roasts) loin fresh
pork roasted heated separable lean only bone-in shank ham -- water added cured
pork unheated separable lean and fat bone-in rump ham with natural juices cured
pork unheated separable lean and fat boneless whole ham and water product cured
margarine-like with added vitamin d with salt stick 60% fat vegetable oil spread
soup prepared with equal volume low fat (2%) milk canned new england clam chowder
prego pasta ready-to-serve heart smart- roasted red pepper and garlic italian sauce
pork broiled cooked separable lean and fat boneless sirloin (chops) loin fresh
pork braised cooked separable lean and fat boneless sirloin (chops) loin fresh
pork roasted cooked boneless separable lean only country-style ribs loin fresh
pork broiled cooked boneless separable lean only country-style ribs loin fresh
beef raw all grades trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only arm pot roast chuck
beverages with non dairy creamer decaffeinated sweetened vanilla instant coffee
chicken original seasoning rotisserie cooked meat only thigh broilers or fryers
cereals with salt cooked with water enriched regular and quick white corn grits
beef raw all grades trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat steak tenderloin
potatoes as purchased frozen salt not added in processing all types french fried
beef raw choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat bone-in back ribs rib
beef raw select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat bone-in back ribs rib
beef raw choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only boneless ribeye cap steak
beef raw select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only boneless ribeye cap steak
beef raw prime trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat whole (ribs 6-12) rib
chicken flour fried cooked meat and skin and giblets and neck broilers or fryers
pork raw separable lean and fat bone-in center rib (chops or roasts) loin fresh
pork braised cooked separable lean only bone-in center loin (chops) loin fresh
beverages prepared with whole milk powder cereal grain beverage coffee substitute
supper bakes meal kits savory pork chops with herb stuffing (pork chop not included)
beverages  3-2-1 plan ready-to-drink regular meal replacement slimfast unilever
pork broiled cooked separable lean only boneless center rib (chops) loin fresh
pork braised cooked separable lean only boneless center rib (chops) loin fresh
infant formula not reconstituted powder with iron prosobee enfamil mead johnson
grapefruit juice diluted with 3 volume water unsweetened frozen concentrate white
frostings nfsmi recipe no. c-32 with butter prepared-from-recipe chocolate glaze
beef raw choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat roast tip round round
beef raw select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat roast tip round round
van's gluten free crispy six whole grain + four seed baked crackers the perfect 10
infant formula not reconstituted liquid concentrate soy store brand pbm products
pork pan-fried cooked separable lean only boneless top loin (chops) loin fresh
cereals ready-to-eat kellogg's smart start strong heart antioxidants cereal kellogg
cheese product fortified with vitamin d reduced fat american pasteurized process
infant formula 24 calories ready-to-feed low iron premature enfamil mead johnson
infant formula 20 calories ready-to-feed low iron premature enfamil mead johnson
pork broiled cooked separable lean only bone-in center rib (chops) loin fresh
pork braised cooked separable lean and fat bone-in sirloin (chops) loin fresh
pork broiled cooked separable lean and fat bone-in sirloin (chops) loin fresh
pork roasted heated separable lean only bone-in rump ham -- water added cured
pork unheated separable lean and fat bone-in slice ham and water product cured
margarine-like vegetable-oil spread with added vitamin d 60% fat stick/tub/bottle
lamb raw choice trimmed to 1/4" fat separable lean only arm shoulder domestic
keebler dark chocolate fudge stripes cookies fudge shoppe 100 calorie right bites
beef raw all grades trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat tip round round
pork pan-fried cooked separable lean and fat bone-in blade (chops) loin fresh
pork broiled cooked bone-in separable lean only country-style ribs loin fresh
beef fast fried cooked separable lean and fat rump centre imported new zealand
chicken original seasoning rotisserie cooked meat only back broilers or fryers
chicken original seasoning rotisserie cooked meat only wing broilers or fryers
mckee baking chocolate covered wafers with peanut butter little debbie nutty bars
beef braised cooked separable lean only brisket point end imported new zealand
potatoes oven-heated frozen salt not added in processing all types french fried
pork unheated separable lean and fat bone-in shank ham and water product cured
lamb braised cooked separable lean and fat boneless flap imported new zealand
beef braised cooked separable lean only brisket navel end imported new zealand
kfc skin and breading removed meat only drumstick original recipe fried chicken
beef cooked choice trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat composite of trimmed retail cuts
beverages low calorie with high vitamin c with other added vitamins powder fruit-flavored drink
beef braised cooked all grades trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat arm pot roast chuck
beef grilled cooked all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only boneless ribeye cap steak
duck braised cooked without skin bone in meat only leg white pekin domesticated young duckling
beef grilled cooked all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat boneless chuck eye steak
beef grilled cooked select trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only lip-on boneless rib eye steak
beef broiled cooked all grades trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat large end (ribs 6-9) rib
duck broiled cooked without skin boneless meat only breast white pekin domesticated young duckling
fruit cocktail solids and liquids water pack canned (peach and pineapple and pear and grape and cherry)
lamb cooked choice trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat composite of trimmed retail cuts domestic
beef raw all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only america's beef roast boneless chuck eye roast
beef raw separable lean only boneless top sirloin cap-off steak/roast loin grass-fed imported australian
beef grilled cooked select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat steak bottom round outside round round
beef grilled cooked all grades trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat lip-on boneless top loin steak loin
beef grilled cooked select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only denver cut boneless under blade center steak chuck
beverages fortified with vitamins b6 and b12 charged citrus loaded cherry grape original nos energy drink the coca-cola company
lamb roasted cooked trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat bone-in denuded frenched roast rack fresh imported australian
beef grilled cooked all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat denver cut boneless under blade center steak chuck
lamb grilled cooked trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat bone-in denuded frenched rib chop fresh imported australian
lamb roasted cooked trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only bone-in denuded frenched roast rack fresh imported australian
lamb braised cooked trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat whole (arm and blade) shoulder frozen imported new zealand
beef grilled cooked all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat shoulder top and center steaks shoulder clod chuck
lamb braised cooked trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat bone-in heel on hindshank leg fresh imported australian
lamb roasted cooked trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat whole (shank and sirloin) leg frozen imported new zealand
beef raw aust. marble score 4/5 separable lean and fat boneless small end rib steak/roast rib wagyu imported australian
lamb grilled cooked trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only bone-in denuded frenched rib chop fresh imported australian
beef grilled cooked all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only denver cut boneless under blade center steak chuck
lamb roasted cooked trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat whole (shank and sirloin) leg fresh imported australian
lamb roasted cooked trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat bone-in frenched roast rack fresh imported australian
beef grilled cooked choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat denver cut boneless under blade center steak chuck
beef grilled cooked select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat denver cut boneless under blade center steak chuck
lamb braised cooked trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only bone-in heel on hindshank leg fresh imported australian
beef raw aust. marble score 9 separable lean and fat boneless small end rib steak/roast rib wagyu imported australian
beef raw aust. marble score 4/5 separable lean and fat boneless tenderloin steak/roast loin wagyu imported australian
beef grilled cooked choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat shoulder top and center steaks shoulder clod chuck
beef grilled cooked select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat shoulder top and center steaks shoulder clod chuck
pork raw separable lean and fat (includes cuts to be cured) and spareribs shoulder loin composite of trimmed leg fresh
beef grilled cooked all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat medallion shoulder tender shoulder clod chuck
beef roasted cooked all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat america's beef roast boneless chuck eye roast
lamb broiled cooked trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat boneless sirloin chops leg fresh imported australian
beef raw aust. marble score 4/5 separable lean only boneless small end rib steak/roast rib wagyu imported australian
beef raw aust. marble score 9 separable lean and fat boneless tenderloin steak/roast loin wagyu imported australian
lamb roasted cooked trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only whole (shank and sirloin) leg fresh imported australian
lamb roasted cooked trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat boneless sirloin half leg fresh imported australian
beef grilled cooked choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only denver cut boneless under blade center steak chuck
lamb roasted cooked trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only bone-in frenched roast rack fresh imported australian
beef raw aust. marble score 4/5 separable lean and fat boneless top loin steak/roast loin wagyu imported australian
lamb grilled cooked trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat bone-in frenched rib chop fresh imported australian
lamb broiled cooked trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat bone-in center slice leg fresh imported australian
infant formula with ara and dha not reconstituted liquid concentrate with iron lipil lactofree enfamil mead johnson
beef raw aust. marble score 4/5 separable lean only boneless tenderloin steak/roast loin wagyu imported australian
beef raw aust. marble score 9 separable lean only boneless small end rib steak/roast rib wagyu imported australian
infant formula with ara and dha liquid concentrate not reconstituted with iron lipil nutramigen enfamil mead johnson
lamb raw trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat bone-in frenched rib chop/rack roast fresh imported australian
beef roasted cooked all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only america's beef roast boneless chuck eye roast
beef grilled cooked select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat medallion shoulder tender shoulder clod chuck
luncheon meat 25% less sodium includes spam added ascorbic acid reduced sodium canned minced and chicken ham pork
lamb broiled cooked trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only boneless sirloin chops leg fresh imported australian
beef grilled cooked choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat medallion shoulder tender shoulder clod chuck
lamb roasted cooked trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat bone-in trotter off leg fresh imported australian
lamb cooked trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat composite of trimmed retail cuts frozen imported new zealand
beef roasted cooked select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat america's beef roast boneless chuck eye roast
beef roasted cooked choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat america's beef roast boneless chuck eye roast
cereals without salt cooked with water quick (1-3 minutes) assorted brands including cream of wheat enriched farina
lamb roasted cooked trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only boneless sirloin half leg fresh imported australian
cereals with salt cooked with water (includes boiling and microwaving) unenriched regular and quick and instant oats
beef raw aust. marble score 4/5 separable lean only boneless top loin steak/roast loin wagyu imported australian
beef raw aust. marble score 9 separable lean only boneless tenderloin steak/roast loin wagyu imported australian
lamb grilled cooked trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only bone-in frenched rib chop fresh imported australian
lamb broiled cooked trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only bone-in center slice leg fresh imported australian
lamb cooked trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat composite of trimmed retail cuts fresh imported australian
lamb raw trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only bone-in frenched rib chop/rack roast fresh imported australian
lamb roasted cooked trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only bone-in trotter off leg fresh imported australian
beverages without added sodium or vitamin a aspartame phosphorus with added calcium powder low calorie cocoa mix
beef grilled cooked all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat steak bottom round outside round round
beef raw aust. marble score 9 separable lean only boneless top loin steak/roast loin wagyu imported australian
beef raw all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat denver cut boneless under blade center steak chuck
lamb cooked trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat whole (arm and blade) shoulder fresh imported australian
lamb raw trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat composite of trimmed retail cuts frozen imported new zealand
beef roasted cooked choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only america's beef roast boneless chuck eye roast
beef roasted cooked select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only america's beef roast boneless chuck eye roast
margarine-like shortening principal use flaky pastries and soy cottonseed soy (partially hydrogenated) industrial
beef broiled cooked all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat tri-tip steak bottom sirloin butt loin
beverages vitamin a and vitamin d  added calcium ready-to-drink flavored and sweetened reduced fat milk beverage
lamb raw trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat whole (arm and blade) shoulder frozen imported new zealand
fast foods tomato and sweet onion sauce sweet onion chicken teriyaki on white bread with lettuce submarine sandwich
lamb roasted cooked trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat boneless bottom leg fresh imported australian
beef raw all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat shoulder top and center steaks shoulder clod chuck
lamb braised cooked trimmed to 1/4" fat separable lean only cubed for stew or kabob (leg and shoulder) domestic
lamb broiled cooked trimmed to 1/4" fat separable lean only cubed for stew or kabob (leg and shoulder) domestic
beef grilled cooked all grades trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat boneless top sirloin cap steak loin
lamb roasted cooked choice trimmed to 1/4" fat separable lean and fat whole (arm and blade) shoulder domestic
lamb broiled cooked choice trimmed to 1/4" fat separable lean and fat whole (arm and blade) shoulder domestic
lamb braised cooked choice trimmed to 1/4" fat separable lean and fat whole (arm and blade) shoulder domestic
lamb braised cooked choice trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat whole (arm and blade) shoulder domestic
lamb broiled cooked choice trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat whole (arm and blade) shoulder domestic
lamb roasted cooked choice trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat whole (arm and blade) shoulder domestic
beverages fortified with vitamins b6 and b12 sugar-free with guarana energy drink nos zero the coca-cola company
beef grilled cooked all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat lip off boneless top loin steak loin
lamb raw trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat composite of trimmed retail cuts fresh imported australian
lamb cooked trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only composite of trimmed retail cuts fresh imported australian
lamb roasted cooked trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat boneless tenderloin fresh imported australian
lamb raw trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat bone-in heel on hindshank leg fresh imported australian
lamb raw trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat whole (shank and sirloin) leg frozen imported new zealand
beef braised cooked all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat boneless under blade pot roast chuck
lamb roasted cooked choice trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat whole (shank and sirloin) leg domestic
lamb cooked trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only whole (arm and blade) shoulder fresh imported australian
beef raw all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only denver cut boneless under blade center steak chuck
beef grilled cooked all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat steak top blade shoulder clod chuck
lamb roasted cooked choice trimmed to 1/4" fat separable lean and fat whole (shank and sirloin) leg domestic
beef braised cooked all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat boneless chuck eye country-style ribs
lamb raw trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat whole (arm and blade) shoulder fresh imported australian
beef raw select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat denver cut boneless under blade center steak chuck
lamb raw trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat whole (shank and sirloin) leg fresh imported australian
lamb raw   trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only whole (arm and blade) shoulder fresh imported australian
beef grilled cooked all grades trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only lip-on boneless top loin steak loin
beef roasted cooked all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only boneless top sirloin petite roast loin
beef raw separable lean and fat boneless top sirloin cap-off steak/roast loin grass-fed imported australian
beef raw choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat denver cut boneless under blade center steak chuck
lamb roasted cooked trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only boneless bottom leg fresh imported australian
beef grilled cooked choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat steak bottom round outside round round
beef roasted cooked all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only tri-tip roast bottom sirloin butt loin
lamb roasted cooked trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only boneless tenderloin fresh imported australian
lamb raw trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only bone-in heel on hindshank leg fresh imported australian
lamb roasted cooked choice trimmed to 1/4" fat separable lean only whole (arm and blade) shoulder domestic
lamb braised cooked choice trimmed to 1/4" fat separable lean only whole (arm and blade) shoulder domestic
lamb broiled cooked choice trimmed to 1/4" fat separable lean only whole (arm and blade) shoulder domestic
fruit cocktail solids and liquids extra light syrup canned (peach and pineapple and pear and grape and cherry)
beef grilled cooked select trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat lip-on boneless top loin steak loin
beef raw separable lean and fat boneless top round cap-off steak/roast round grass-fed imported australian
fruit cocktail solids and liquids extra heavy syrup canned (peach and pineapple and pear and grape and cherry)
beef grilled cooked all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only lip off boneless top loin steak loin
lamb raw trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only composite of trimmed retail cuts fresh imported australian
pork braised cooked with added solution separable lean and fat blade (steaks) (boston butt) shoulder fresh
beef raw choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat shoulder top and center steaks shoulder clod chuck
beef raw select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat shoulder top and center steaks shoulder clod chuck
beef grilled cooked all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat outside skirt boneless plate steak
beef grilled cooked all grades trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only boneless top sirloin cap steak loin
beef grilled cooked choice trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat lip-on boneless top loin steak loin
pork cooked separable lean and fat composite of trimmed retail cuts (leg loin shoulder and spareribs) fresh
beef raw all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat medallion shoulder tender shoulder clod chuck
beef raw all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat america's beef roast boneless chuck eye roast
beef roasted cooked all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat boneless eye of round roast round
lamb slow roasted cooked separable lean and fat shank off chump off tunnel-boned leg imported new zealand
beverages vitamins b6 and b12 pantothenic acid niacin with added caffeine sugar free red bull energy drink
lamb raw trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat boneless sirloin chops leg fresh imported australian
beef grilled cooked all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat inside skirt boneless plate steak
beef grilled cooked choice trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat boneless top sirloin cap steak loin
lamb roasted cooked choice trimmed to 1/4" fat separable lean only whole (shank and sirloin) leg domestic
beef grilled cooked all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat boneless eye of round steak round
fruit salad solids and liquids extra heavy syrup canned (peach and pear and apricot and pineapple and cherry)
beef grilled cooked select trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat boneless top sirloin cap steak loin
beef grilled cooked choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat lip off boneless top loin steak loin
beef grilled cooked select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat lip off boneless top loin steak loin
beef raw all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat boneless under blade pot roast or steak chuck
beef braised cooked all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only boneless chuck eye country-style ribs
beef braised cooked all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only boneless under blade pot roast chuck
beef braised cooked select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat boneless under blade pot roast chuck
beef braised cooked choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat boneless under blade pot roast chuck
beef raw aust. marble score 9 separable lean and fat top loin steak/roast loin wagyu imported australian
beef grilled cooked all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat boneless shoulder top blade steak
beef braised cooked all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat boneless mock tender steak chuck
beef braised cooked all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat boneless under blade steak chuck
lamb raw trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only whole (shank and sirloin) leg fresh imported australian
lamb roasted cooked trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat shank half leg fresh imported australian
lamb raw trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat boneless sirloin half leg fresh imported australian
beef raw select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only denver cut boneless under blade center steak chuck
cereals without salt cooked with water (includes boiling and microwaving) unenriched regular and quick oats
lamb broiled cooked trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat blade shoulder fresh imported australian
beef raw choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only denver cut boneless under blade center steak chuck
beef grilled cooked choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat steak top blade shoulder clod chuck
beef grilled cooked select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat steak top blade shoulder clod chuck
beef braised cooked choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat boneless chuck eye country-style ribs
beef braised cooked select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat boneless chuck eye country-style ribs
beef raw separable lean only boneless top round cap-off steak/roast round grass-fed imported australian
lamb raw trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat bone-in center slice leg fresh imported australian
infant formula with ara and dha not reconstituted powder with iron nutramigen lipil enfamil mead johnson
beef roasted cooked all grades trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat lip-on boneless rib eye roast
beef roasted cooked choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only boneless top sirloin petite roast loin
beef grilled cooked select trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only lip-on boneless top loin steak loin
beef grilled cooked choice trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only lip-on boneless top loin steak loin
beef grilled cooked all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat steak tip center knuckle round
beef grilled cooked all grades trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat lip-on boneless rib eye steak
pork pan-broiled cooked with added solution separable lean and fat boneless top loin (chops) loin fresh
beef grilled cooked all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only outside skirt boneless plate steak
infant formula with ara and dha ready-to-feed with iron advance 24 special care similac abbott nutrition
infant formula with ara and dha not reconstituted liquid concentrate lipil prosobee enfamil mead johnson
beef roasted cooked all grades trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat boneless top loin petite roast
pork raw separable lean and fat composite of trimmed retail cuts (leg loin shoulder and spareribs) fresh
cherries solids and liquids (includes usda commodity red tart cherries canned) water pack canned red sour
beef roasted cooked select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only boneless top sirloin petite roast loin
beef grilled cooked all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat boneless tenderloin steak loin
lamb raw trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only boneless sirloin chops leg fresh imported australian
margarine-like with added vitamin d with salt unspecified oils approximately 37% fat vegetable oil spread
beef roasted cooked all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only boneless eye of round roast round
beef grilled cooked all grades trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only bone-in t-bone steak short loin
beef grilled cooked select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only lip off boneless top loin steak loin
beef roasted cooked all grades trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat lip-on bone-in rib eye roast
beef grilled cooked all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat boneless top round steak round
pork braised with added solution cooked separable lean only blade (steaks) (boston butt) shoulder fresh
lamb braised cooked trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat arm shoulder fresh imported australian
beef raw all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only boneless under blade pot roast or steak chuck
lamb slow roasted cooked separable lean only shank off chump off tunnel-boned leg imported new zealand
beef grilled cooked all grades trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat lip-on bone-in rib eye steak
beef grilled cooked choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only lip off boneless top loin steak loin
beef grilled cooked all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only inside skirt boneless plate steak
lamb raw trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat bone-in trotter off leg fresh imported australian
beef raw choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat medallion shoulder tender shoulder clod chuck
beef raw select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat medallion shoulder tender shoulder clod chuck
beef grilled cooked all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat lip off boneless rib eye steak
beef grilled cooked select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat outside skirt boneless plate steak
beef grilled cooked choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat outside skirt boneless plate steak
beef grilled cooked select trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only boneless top sirloin cap steak loin
beef grilled cooked choice trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only boneless top sirloin cap steak loin
beef grilled cooked all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only boneless eye of round steak round
beef roasted cooked all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat boneless top round roast round
beef roasted cooked all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat boneless tenderloin roast loin
beef braised cooked choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only boneless under blade pot roast chuck
beef braised cooked select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only boneless under blade pot roast chuck
lamb cooked choice trimmed to 1/4" fat separable lean and fat composite of trimmed retail cuts domestic
beef braised cooked all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only boneless under blade steak chuck
beef raw select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat boneless under blade pot roast or steak chuck
lamb raw trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only boneless sirloin half leg fresh imported australian
beef raw choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat america's beef roast boneless chuck eye roast
beef roasted cooked select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat boneless eye of round roast round
beef roasted cooked choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat boneless eye of round roast round
lamb roasted cooked trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only shank half leg fresh imported australian
beef broiled cooked all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat small end (ribs 10-12) rib eye
lamb braised cooked   trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only arm shoulder fresh imported australian
lamb broiled cooked trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only,blade shoulder  fresh imported australian
beef grilled cooked choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat inside skirt boneless plate steak
beef grilled cooked select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat inside skirt boneless plate steak
beef grilled cooked all grades trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat porterhouse steak short loin
beef grilled cooked all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only boneless shoulder top blade steak
beef braised cooked choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only boneless chuck eye country-style ribs
beef grilled cooked select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat boneless eye of round steak round
beef braised cooked all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only boneless mock tender steak chuck
beef raw separable lean and fat boneless bottom round steak/roast round grass-fed imported australian
pork roasted heated separable lean only boneless meat only spiral slice ham with natural juices cured
beef raw select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat america's beef roast boneless chuck eye roast
infant formula with ara and dha not reconstituted powder with iron prosobee lipil enfamil mead johnson
beef raw choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat boneless under blade pot roast or steak chuck
beef grilled cooked choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat boneless eye of round steak round
lamb braised cooked separable lean and fat whole (arm and blade) shoulder frozen imported new zealand
beef braised cooked select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only boneless chuck eye country-style ribs
beef raw all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only boneless top sirloin petite roast/filet loin
beef grilled cooked all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat steak tip side knuckle round
beef roasted cooked all grades trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only lip-on boneless rib eye roast
beef braised cooked select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat boneless under blade steak chuck
beef braised cooked choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat boneless under blade steak chuck
lamb slow roasted cooked separable lean and fat boneless rolled netted shoulder imported new zealand
lamb raw trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only bone-in center slice leg fresh imported australian
fruit cocktail solids and liquids light syrup canned (peach and pineapple and pear and grape and cherry)
beef grilled cooked all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only boneless top sirloin filet loin
beef roasted cooked all grades trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only boneless top loin petite roast
yogurt fortified with vitamin d sweetened with low-calorie sweetener nonfat milk vanilla or lemon flavor
lamb roasted cooked separable lean and fat whole (shank and sirloin) leg frozen imported new zealand
pork pan-broiled cooked with added solution separable lean only boneless top loin (chops) loin fresh
beef raw separable lean and fat boneless ribeye steak/roast lip-on rib grass-fed imported australian
beef grilled cooked all grades trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only lip-on boneless rib eye steak
beef braised cooked choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat boneless mock tender steak chuck
beef braised cooked select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat boneless mock tender steak chuck
beef broiled cooked usda choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat porterhouse steak short loin
beef broiled cooked usda select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat porterhouse steak short loin
fruit cocktail solids and liquids heavy syrup canned (peach and pineapple and pear and grape and cherry)
beef grilled cooked choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat boneless shoulder top blade steak
beef grilled cooked select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat boneless shoulder top blade steak
lamb braised cooked trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat foreshank frozen imported new zealand
beef grilled cooked all grades trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only lip-on bone-in rib eye steak
beverages prepared with water and ice powder with aspartame reduced calorie chocolate dairy drink mix
fruit salad solids and liquids heavy syrup canned tropical (pineapple and papaya and banana and guava)
beef broiled cooked all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat porterhouse steak short loin
beef grilled cooked select trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat lip-on boneless rib eye steak
beef grilled cooked choice trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat lip-on boneless rib eye steak
beef roasted cooked choice trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat lip-on boneless rib eye roast
beef roasted cooked all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat tri-tip roast bottom sirloin
beef grilled cooked all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only boneless top round steak round
infant formula with dha and ara not reconstituted powder with iron alimentum advance abbott nutrition
fruit cocktail solids and liquids juice pack canned (peach and pineapple and pear and grape and cherry)
beef raw all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat steak bottom round outside round round
beef grilled cooked all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only lip off boneless rib eye steak
beef grilled cooked choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only outside skirt boneless plate steak
beef grilled cooked select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only outside skirt boneless plate steak
beef broiled cooked all grades trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat small end (ribs 10-12) rib
beef roasted cooked all grades trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat small end (ribs 10-12) rib
beef grilled cooked choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat steak tip center knuckle round
beef grilled cooked select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat steak tip center knuckle round
beef roasted cooked all grades trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only lip-on bone-in rib eye roast
beef roasted cooked all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only boneless tenderloin roast loin
beef roasted cooked all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only boneless top round roast round
beef grilled cooked all grades  trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only porterhouse steak short loin
fruit salad solids and liquids light syrup canned (peach and pear and apricot and pineapple and cherry)
fruit salad solids and liquids heavy syrup canned (peach and pear and apricot and pineapple and cherry)
beef roasted cooked select trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat boneless top loin petite roast
beef roasted cooked choice trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat boneless top loin petite roast
beef grilled cooked all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only boneless tenderloin steak loin
pork broiled cooked with added solution separable lean and fat boneless top loin (chops) loin fresh
beef roasted cooked select trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat lip-on boneless rib eye roast
lamb raw trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only bone-in trotter off leg fresh imported australian
lamb cooked choice trimmed to 1/4" fat separable lean only composite of trimmed retail cuts domestic
lamb raw choice trimmed to 1/4" fat separable lean and fat composite of trimmed retail cuts domestic
beef raw separable lean and fat boneless tenderloin steak/roast loin grass-fed imported australian
beef raw separable lean only boneless bottom round steak/roast round grass-fed imported australian
beef roasted cooked choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only boneless eye of round roast round
beef roasted cooked select trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat lip-on bone-in rib eye roast
beef raw select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only america's beef roast boneless chuck eye roast
beef raw choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only america's beef roast boneless chuck eye roast
beef roasted cooked all grades trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat roast bottom round round
beef roasted cooked all grades trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat roast eye of round round
beef raw choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only boneless under blade pot roast or steak chuck
margarine stick soybean and partially hydrogenated soybean 70% fat margarine-type vegetable oil spread
beef grilled cooked select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only inside skirt boneless plate steak
beef grilled cooked choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only inside skirt boneless plate steak
beef roasted cooked select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only boneless eye of round roast round
lamb raw choice trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat composite of trimmed retail cuts domestic
beef grilled cooked choice trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only bone-in t-bone steak short loin
beef roasted cooked select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat boneless top round roast round
fruit salad solids and liquids water pack canned (peach and pear and apricot and pineapple and cherry)
beef grilled cooked choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat boneless tenderloin steak loin
beef grilled cooked select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat boneless tenderloin steak loin
lamb braised cooked trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat foreshank fresh imported australian
beef roasted cooked choice trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat lip-on bone-in rib eye roast
beef grilled cooked choice trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat lip-on bone-in rib eye steak
beef grilled cooked select trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat lip-on bone-in rib eye steak
beef grilled cooked select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat boneless top round steak round
beef grilled cooked choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat boneless top round steak round
beef grilled cooked select trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only bone-in t-bone steak short loin
beef raw select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only boneless under blade pot roast or steak chuck
infant formula with ara and dha liquid concentrate (lactose free) sensitive similac abbott nutrition
fruit salad solids and liquids juice pack canned (peach and pear and apricot and pineapple and cherry)
gelatin desserts vitamin c sodium potassium added phosphorus with aspartame reduced calorie dry mix
beef braised cooked all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat boneless shoulder pot roast
beef grilled cooked select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat lip off boneless rib eye steak
beef grilled cooked choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat lip off boneless rib eye steak
lamb raw trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat boneless bottom leg fresh imported australian
lamb braised cooked separable lean only whole (arm and blade) shoulder frozen imported new zealand
beef broiled cooked choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat small end (ribs 10-12) eye rib
beef braised cooked all grades trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat steak bottom round round
beef raw all grades trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat lip-on boneless top loin steak loin
beef grilled cooked choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only boneless eye of round steak round
beef grilled cooked select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only boneless eye of round steak round
beverages added calcium high vitamin c greater than 3% fruit juice reduced sugar fruit flavored drink
beef roasted cooked choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat boneless top round roast round
beef roasted cooked choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat boneless tenderloin roast loin
beef roasted cooked select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat boneless tenderloin roast loin
lamb slow roasted cooked separable lean only boneless rolled netted shoulder imported new zealand
beef braised cooked choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only boneless under blade steak chuck
beef braised cooked select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only boneless under blade steak chuck
beef raw separable lean only boneless ribeye steak/roast lip-on rib grass-fed imported australian
beverages prepared with whole milk with added nutrients powder chocolate-flavor beverage mix for milk
beef raw all grades trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat boneless top loin petite roast/filet
beef broiled cooked select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat small end (ribs 10-12) rib eye
lamb raw trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat boneless tenderloin fresh imported australian
beef grilled cooked select trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat porterhouse steak short loin
beef grilled cooked select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only boneless shoulder top blade steak
beef grilled cooked choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only boneless shoulder top blade steak
lamb raw choice trimmed to 1/4" fat separable lean and fat whole (arm and blade) shoulder domestic
lamb raw choice trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat whole (arm and blade) shoulder domestic
beef raw all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat lip off boneless top loin steak loin
beef braised cooked select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only boneless mock tender steak chuck
beef braised cooked choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only boneless mock tender steak chuck
beef broiled cooked all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat small end (ribs 10-12) rib
lamb roasted cooked separable lean only whole (shank and sirloin) leg frozen imported new zealand
lamb raw trimmed to 1/4" fat separable lean only cubed for stew or kabob (leg and shoulder) domestic
beef raw all grades trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat boneless top sirloin cap steak loin
beef grilled cooked choice trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat porterhouse steak short loin
beef raw all grades trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat lip-on boneless rib eye steak/roast
beef grilled cooked choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat steak tip side knuckle round
beef grilled cooked select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat steak tip side knuckle round
beef raw choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only boneless top sirloin petite roast/filet loin
beef raw select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only boneless top sirloin petite roast/filet loin
beef roasted cooked all grades trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat large end (ribs 6-9) rib
beef braised cooked all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat boneless short ribs chuck
beef raw separable lean and fat boneless top loin steak/roast loin grass-fed imported australian
lamb raw choice trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat whole (shank and sirloin) leg domestic
beef raw all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat boneless chuck eye country-style ribs
beef broiled cooked all grades trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only steak top loin short loin
turkey sausage cooked (include butterball breakfast links turkey sausage) brown and serve reduced fat
beef raw all grades trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat lip-on bone-in rib eye steak/roast
beef roasted cooked all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat roast bottom round round
pork broiled cooked with added solution separable lean only boneless top loin (chops) loin fresh
beef broiled cooked all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat outside skirt steak plate
beef grilled cooked all grades trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat t-bone steak short loin
beef grilled cooked select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only boneless top sirloin filet loin
beef grilled cooked choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only boneless top sirloin filet loin
beef roasted cooked choice trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only boneless top loin petite roast
beef roasted cooked select trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only boneless top loin petite roast
beef roasted cooked all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only boneless ribeye petite roast
beverages added vitamin c with low-calorie sweetener reduced calorie vegetable and fruit juice drink
beverages frozen concentrate. not manufactured anymore. with pulp breakfast type orange-flavor drink
lamb raw choice trimmed to 1/4" fat separable lean and fat whole (shank and sirloin) leg domestic
beef roasted cooked choice trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only lip-on boneless rib eye roast
beef roasted cooked select trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only lip-on boneless rib eye roast
beef braised cooked all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat steak bottom round round
beef grilled cooked choice trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only lip-on boneless rib eye steak
beef broiled cooked all grades trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only small end (ribs 10-12) rib
beef broiled cooked all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only porterhouse steak short loin
beverages mineral bottled water naturally sparkling gerolsteiner brunnen gmbh & co. kg (gerolsteiner)
beef grilled cooked all grades trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat boneless top loin filet
rice bowl with chicken prepared (includes fried teriyaki and sweet and sour varieties) frozen entree
beef raw all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat steak top blade shoulder clod chuck
lamb raw trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only boneless bottom leg fresh imported australian
lamb roasted cooked choice trimmed to 1/4" fat separable lean and fat sirloin half leg domestic
beef broiled cooked usda select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat mock tender steak chuck
beef grilled cooked choice trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only lip-on bone-in rib eye steak
beef grilled cooked select trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only lip-on bone-in rib eye steak
lamb raw choice trimmed to 1/4" fat separable lean only composite of trimmed retail cuts domestic
beef grilled cooked select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only lip off boneless rib eye steak
lamb roasted cooked choice trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat sirloin half leg domestic
beef broiled cooked usda select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat t-bone steak short loin
beef broiled cooked usda choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat t-bone steak short loin
beef roasted cooked all grades trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat roast tip round round
cereals without salt prepared (microwaved or boiling water added) plain instant corn grits quaker
beef braised cooked all grades trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only steak bottom round round
beef raw separable lean only boneless tenderloin steak/roast loin grass-fed imported australian
beef roasted cooked choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat tri-tip roast bottom sirloin
beef roasted cooked select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat tri-tip roast bottom sirloin
beef broiled cooked select trimmed to 0" fat small end (ribs 10- 12) separable lean only eye rib
beef grilled cooked select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only boneless top round steak round
beef grilled cooked choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only boneless top round steak round
beef grilled cooked choice trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat steak top loin short loin
beef broiled cooked all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat inside skirt steak plate
beef raw all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat boneless shoulder pot roast or steak
beef grilled cooked choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only lip off boneless rib eye steak
beef roasted cooked select trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat small end (ribs 10-12) rib
beef roasted cooked choice trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat small end (ribs 10-12) rib
beef broiled cooked choice trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat small end (ribs 10-12) rib
beef broiled cooked select trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat small end (ribs 10-12) rib
beef raw choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat steak bottom round outside round round
beef broiled cooked usda choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat mock tender steak chuck
chicken braised cooked with added solution meat only boneless skinless breast broiler or fryers
chicken grilled cooked with added solution meat only boneless skinless breast broiler or fryers
beef braised cooked all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only boneless shoulder pot roast
lamb broiled cooked trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat loin frozen imported new zealand
beef roasted cooked select trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only lip-on bone-in rib eye roast
beef roasted cooked select trimmed to 0" fat boneless separable lean only tenderloin roast loin
beef roasted cooked choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only boneless tenderloin roast loin
beef roasted cooked choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only boneless top round roast round
beef roasted cooked choice trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only lip-on bone-in rib eye roast
beef cooked all grades trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat composite of trimmed retail cuts
pork cooked separable lean and fat composite of trimmed retail cuts (loin and shoulder blade) fresh
beef roasted cooked all grades trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only roast eye of round round
candies nfs (45-59% cacao solids 90%; 60-69% cacao solids 5%; 70-85% cacao solids 5%) dark chocolate
beef grilled cooked choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only boneless tenderloin steak loin
beef grilled cooked select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only boneless tenderloin steak loin
lamb braised cooked trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only foreshank fresh imported australian
beef broiled cooked choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only small end (ribs 10-12) eye rib
beef raw all grades trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only lip-on boneless top loin steak loin
beef roasted cooked select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only boneless top round roast round
beef raw select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat steak bottom round outside round round
beef broiled cooked all grades trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat whole (ribs 6-12) rib
beef roasted cooked all grades trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat whole (ribs 6-12) rib
lamb raw trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only boneless tenderloin fresh imported australian
beef raw all grades trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only lip-on boneless rib eye steak/roast
beef raw all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only lip off boneless top loin steak loin
beef broiled cooked all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat t-bone steak short loin
beef roasted cooked select trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat roast eye of round round
beef roasted cooked choice trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat roast eye of round round
beef broiled cooked all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only small end (ribs 10-12) rib
ruby red grapefruit juice blend (grapefruit grape apple) with added vitamin c bottled ocean spray
beef broiled cooked all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat mock tender steak chuck
beef roasted cooked select trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat roast bottom round round
beef braised cooked select trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat steak bottom round round
beef roasted cooked choice trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat roast bottom round round
beef braised cooked choice trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat steak bottom round round
beef raw choice trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat lip-on boneless top loin steak loin
beef raw all grades trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only boneless top loin petite roast/filet
lamb raw choice trimmed to 1/4" fat separable lean only whole (arm and blade) shoulder domestic
beef grilled cooked all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat boneless shoulder steak
lamb roasted cooked trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat rib frozen imported new zealand
beef braised cooked select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat boneless shoulder pot roast
beef grilled cooked choice trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only porterhouse steak short loin
beef broiled cooked all grades trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat top round steak round
beef grilled cooked select trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only porterhouse steak short loin
beef braised cooked choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat boneless shoulder pot roast
beef raw all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat outside skirt boneless plate steak
beef raw all grades trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only boneless top sirloin cap steak loin
beef broiled cooked prime trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat small end (ribs 10-12) rib
beef roasted cooked prime trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat small end (ribs 10-12) rib
beef raw select trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat lip-on boneless top loin steak loin
beef braised cooked all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only boneless short ribs chuck
beef raw all grades trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only lip-on bone-in rib eye steak/roast
oil principal use as a tortilla shortening soy (partially hydrogenated)  and cottonseed industrial
spanish rice mix prepared (with canola/vegetable oil blend or diced tomatoes and margarine) dry mix
lamb cooked separable lean and fat composite of trimmed retail cuts frozen imported new zealand
beef raw separable lean only boneless top loin steak/roast loin grass-fed imported australian
lamb roasted cooked choice trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat shank half leg domestic
beef raw choice trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat boneless top loin petite roast/filet
beef raw select trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat boneless top loin petite roast/filet
beef broiled cooked all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only outside skirt steak plate
pork roasted heated separable lean and fat boneless spiral slice ham with natural juices cured
beef raw select trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat lip-on boneless rib eye steak/roast
beef raw all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat inside skirt boneless plate steak
beef braised cooked all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat bone-in back ribs rib
beverages prepared with water frozen concentrate with juice and pulp breakfast type orange drink
lamb roasted cooked choice trimmed to 1/4" fat separable lean and fat shank half leg domestic
lamb raw choice trimmed to 1/4" fat separable lean only whole (shank and sirloin) leg domestic
beef raw all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat boneless eye of round steak round
beef raw all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat boneless eye of round roast round
beef broiled cooked choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat small end (ribs 10-12) rib
beef broiled cooked select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat small end (ribs 10-12) rib
apple juice diluted with 3 volume water without added ascorbic acid unsweetened frozen concentrate
lamb broiled cooked choice trimmed to 1/4" fat separable lean and fat blade shoulder domestic
lamb braised cooked choice trimmed to 1/4" fat separable lean and fat blade shoulder domestic
lamb roasted cooked choice trimmed to 1/4" fat separable lean and fat blade shoulder domestic
beef roasted cooked all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat roast tip round round
beef roasted cooked all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only roast bottom round round
beef braised cooked all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only steak bottom round round
beef raw select trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat boneless top sirloin cap steak loin
beef raw choice trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat boneless top sirloin cap steak loin
pork raw,with added solution separable lean and fat blade (steaks) (boston butt) shoulder fresh
beef cooked all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat composite of trimmed retail cuts
beef raw choice trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat lip-on boneless rib eye steak/roast
lamb broiled cooked trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat loin fresh imported australian
beef grilled cooked all grades trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only boneless top loin filet
beef raw all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only boneless chuck eye country-style ribs
beef raw choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat lip off boneless top loin steak loin
beef raw select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat lip off boneless top loin steak loin
beef roasted cooked select trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat large end (ribs 6-9) rib
beef broiled cooked select trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat large end (ribs 6-9) rib
beef broiled cooked choice trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat large end (ribs 6-9) rib
beef roasted cooked choice trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat large end (ribs 6-9) rib
beef braised cooked choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat boneless short ribs chuck
beef braised cooked select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat boneless short ribs chuck
lamb roasted cooked choice trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat blade shoulder domestic
lamb broiled cooked choice trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat blade shoulder domestic
lamb braised cooked choice trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat blade shoulder domestic
lamb roasted cooked choice trimmed to 1/4" fat separable lean only sirloin half leg domestic
beef roasted cooked all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only large end (ribs 6-9) rib
lamb cooked choice trimmed to 1/4" fat separable fat composite of trimmed retail cuts domestic
beef raw select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat boneless chuck eye country-style ribs
beef raw choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat boneless chuck eye country-style ribs
beef roasted cooked select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only tri-tip roast bottom sirloin
carbonated beverage without caffeine with sodium saccharin other than cola or pepper low calorie
beef broiled cooked select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only porterhouse steak short loin
beef cooked all grades trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only composite of trimmed retail cuts
lamb raw trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat shank half leg fresh imported australian
beef broiled cooked all grades trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only steak top round round
pork cooked separable lean only composite of trimmed retail cuts (leg loin and shoulder) fresh
beef raw choice trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat lip-on bone-in rib eye steak/roast
beef raw select trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat lip-on bone-in rib eye steak/roast
beef broiled cooked all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only inside skirt steak plate
infant formula not reconstituted liquid concentrate with iron advance similac abbott nutrition
lamb raw trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat blade shoulder fresh imported australian
beef grilled cooked select trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat t-bone steak short loin
beef raw all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only boneless shoulder pot roast or steak
beef raw choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat steak top blade shoulder clod chuck
beef raw select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat steak top blade shoulder clod chuck
beef roasted cooked choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only tri-tip roast bottom sirloin
beef roasted cooked choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only boneless ribeye petite roast
beef roasted cooked select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only boneless ribeye petite roast
infant formula with ara and dha ready-to-feed with iron lipil nutramigen enfamil mead johnson
beef raw all grades trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat composite of trimmed retail cuts
pork raw separable lean and fat composite of trimmed retail cuts (loin and shoulder blade) fresh
pork cooked separable lean only composite of trimmed retail cuts (loin and shoulder blade) fresh
beef roasted cooked select trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only roast bottom round  round
beef braised cooked select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat steak bottom round round
beef roasted cooked select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat roast bottom round round
beef roasted cooked choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat roast bottom round round
beef braised cooked choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat steak bottom round round
beef raw all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat boneless mock tender steak chuck
beef broiled cooked choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only porterhouse steak short loin
beef grilled cooked select trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat boneless top loin filet
beef grilled cooked choice trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat boneless top loin filet
beef grilled cooked select trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only steak top loin short loin
beef broiled cooked select trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only small end (ribs 10-12) rib
beef broiled cooked choice trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only steak top loin short loin
infant formula prepared from liquid concentrate dha and ara with iron good start supreme nestle
beef grilled cooked choice trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat t-bone steak short loin
beef raw all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat boneless shoulder top blade steak
fast foods regular patty; double decker bun with condiments and special sauce cheeseburger; double
beef grilled cooked all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only boneless chuck eye steak
beef broiled cooked prime trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat large end (ribs 6-9) rib
beef roasted cooked prime trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat large end (ribs 6-9) rib
beef roasted cooked select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat large end (ribs 6-9) rib
beef roasted cooked choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat large end (ribs 6-9) rib
beef cooked select trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat composite of trimmed retail cuts
beef braised cooked all grades trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat point half brisket
beef raw select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat boneless shoulder pot roast or steak
beef raw choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat boneless shoulder pot roast or steak
margarine-like with added vitamin d without salt stick/tub/bottle 60% fat vegetable oil spread
lamb roasted cooked choice trimmed to 1/4" fat separable lean and fat arm shoulder domestic
lamb braised cooked choice trimmed to 1/4" fat separable lean and fat arm shoulder domestic
lamb broiled cooked choice trimmed to 1/4" fat separable lean and fat arm shoulder domestic
beef roasted cooked select trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat roast tip round round
beef roasted cooked choice trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat roast tip round round
infant formula not reconstituted liquid concentrate with iron nutramigen enfamil mead johnson
infant formula not reconstituted liquid concentrate infant premium lipil enfamil mead johnson
pork raw with added solution separable lean only blade (steaks) (boston butt) shoulder fresh
morningstar farms breakfast sandwich veggie sausage egg & cheese english muffin unprepared frozen
beef raw all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat steak tip center knuckle round
beef roasted cooked choice trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only roast eye of round round
beef braised cooked choice trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only steak bottom round round
beef broiled cooked choice trimmed to 1/8"fat separable lean only small end (ribs 10-12) rib
lamb braised cooked choice trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat arm shoulder domestic
beef braised cooked choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only boneless shoulder pot roast
beef braised cooked select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only boneless shoulder pot roast
beef grilled cooked choice trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat boneless chuck eye steak
beef grilled cooked select trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat boneless chuck eye steak
beef raw all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only outside skirt boneless plate steak
margarine for flaky pastries soy oil (partially hydrogenated ) cottonseed non-dairy industrial
beef braised cooked select trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only steak bottom round round
beef roasted cooked select trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only roast eye of round round
apple juice with added ascorbic acid diluted with 3 volume water unsweetened frozen concentrate
beef broiled cooked choice trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat steak top round round
beef roasted cooked choice trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only roast bottom round round
toddler formula ready-to-feed enfagrow premium (formerly enfamil lipil next step) mead johnson
beef broiled cooked select trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat steak top round round
beef grilled cooked all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only boneless shoulder steak
infant formula with ara and dha sensitive (lactose free) ready-to-feed similac abbott nutrition
infant formula not reconstituted liquid concentrate with iron good start essentials soy nestle
pan dulce contains wheat flour and rice flour cookie-like salpora de arroz con azucar la ricura
beef raw select trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only lip-on boneless top loin steak loin
beef raw choice trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only lip-on boneless top loin steak loin
beef raw all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only boneless ribeye  petite roast/filet
beef broiled cooked all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only mock tender steak chuck
beef broiled cooked choice trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat whole (ribs 6-12) rib
beef roasted cooked choice trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat whole (ribs 6-12) rib
beef braised cooked all grades trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean and fat flat half brisket
beef raw select trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only lip-on boneless rib eye steak/roast
beef raw choice trimmed to 1/8" fat separable lean only lip-on boneless rib eye steak/roast
oil uses similar to 95 degree hard butter confection fat palm kernel (hydrogenated) industrial
beef raw all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat boneless top round steak round
beef raw all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean and fat boneless top round roast round
lamb cooked separable lean only composite of trimmed retail cuts frozen imported new zealand
lamb raw separable lean and fat composite of trimmed retail cuts frozen imported new zealand
beef raw all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only boneless eye of round roast round
beef raw all grades trimmed to 0" fat separable lean only boneless eye of round steak round
